SERIES SIOTH 2
BOOK 2: Retrograde: A Solar Return
October 1991 
Hogwarts had descended into silence. In Professor Ferrett's office—she was the Care of Magical Creatures teacher—the fireplace crackled. 
Vespera Ferrett, with her short black hair and deep blue eyes, was slowly swirling the goblet in her hand. Lily made a move to leave, but Vespera's gaze pinned her to the spot. Her purpose in coming here had been to save the boy from the pressure on Draco Malfoy; he had received a Howler that morning. His father's voice had bellowed to the entire Great Hall that he was 'worthless'. 
Frankly, it was poetic how a wanted, fugitive Death Eater could completely disregard all security measures just to deliver a letter to the school, merely to scold his son. 
Professor Ferrett—Vespera—remained quiet. "I believe Draco needs time," she said, her voice soft as silk. 
"I agree. He's just a child." Lily exhaled, a little tense. There was something about this woman she couldn't quite put her finger on. Lily might have called it 'dominance'. Vespera slowly leaned forward from where she sat (they were sitting in two facing armchairs, and Lily was sitting quite uncomfortably to keep their knees from touching), entering Lily's personal space with an unsettling proximity. 
"You are a very good mother, Lily," she whispered. She raised her hand; her fingers trailed along Lily's temple, gently tucking a red strand of hair behind her ear. "This is nice, it brings out your face more. You look more alluring." 
Lily froze. She wanted to pull back, but her legs wouldn't move. To change the subject, she clung to the first name that came to mind. "Y-yes... you were saying Lucius. I suppose with him..." 
Vespera smiled faintly. The hand that had just touched Lily's hair was now touching her own. "We studied in the same year, yes. He was my classmate." A naughty girl expression crossed her face. "He stole my girlfriend from me... That wicked Lucius." 
Lily's eyes widened. She was talking about Narcissa. Had Vespera been in love with Narcissa, not Lucius? Her face burning like fire, Lily blurted, "I... I should head home. Severus is waiting." 
"Oh, please. We haven't even opened the second wine yet," she said, gesturing to the bottle on the table. "Sit a little longer. Your husband can wait, we're two beautiful women having fun, after all." 
"No, I really should go." 
"Suit yourself," she said, leaning back in the armchair. "I am right here with my wine." 
As Vespera crossed her legs, she deliberately hiked the hem of her robes up—way up. From beneath the silvery fabric, a black lace garter clinging to her skin and milky-white legs were revealed. Her gaze was fixed on Lily; it was distinctly inviting. 
Lily couldn't take it anymore. "Good night!" she blurted out, practically running out of the room. Instead of traveling by the Floo network, Lily walked the twenty minutes home just to let the heat in her face cool down. What on earth was that behavior tonight? She would 
never even walk past Vespera's office again!  
"Excuse me?" Severus said, his voice dangerously calm. "If I didn't mishear... Did you say Vespera Ferrett hit on you?" 
"Yes!" Lily said, throwing her hands in the air. "I'm in shock too! She told me I was a 'good mother,' tucked my hair behind my ear... Severus, the woman didn't just make a move on me, she practically threw herself at me! She mentioned something about Lucius stealing her girlfriend back in the day. I think she was talking about Narcissa, I'm not sure but... God, the way she crossed her legs..." 
Lily covered her face with her hands. "I saw things I shouldn't have seen, Sev. There was too much lace. Way too much!" 
Severus's lips parted, but no words came out; as the blood in his veins rapidly reached the boiling point, that dark, possessive streak within him pulsed to the surface. He stood up and grumbled, "How can this woman be like this? How can such educators run rampant at Hogwarts?" 
Seeing her husband's protective fury, the mischievous Gryffindor inside Lily awakened. She wanted to provoke Severus a little more, to strip away the mask of that fiercely controlled man. "We can't do anything, Sev," she said, feigning an innocent expression. "After all, the woman is... promiscuous. But I have to admit, she is very feminine. Furthermore..." Lily averted her eyes and murmured, "...she's beautiful too. Especially her lips... she has very beautiful lips." 
The room suddenly turned ice-cold. The analytical look in Severus's eyes, the logic, vanished; pure, dark desire took its place. His black eyes had become almost entirely obscured by darkness. Severus walked toward Lily without a single word; as he gripped her waist and pushed her gently against the study desk, Lily felt her backside hit the hard surface. She had nowhere to run, and frankly, she didn't want to run either. 
He was so swift and determined that Lily couldn't even manage to say "I was joking." Lily gulped. Her provocation had worked. It had worked a little too well. His face was mere inches from Lily's, his breathing heavy. "Beautiful lips?" His voice hovered between a bedroom whisper and a threat. "If I ever..." he said, brushing his nose against Lily's neck, "...hear that you've been looking at someone else's lips again, Lily..." He lifted his head and stared into her green eyes, as if piercing right through her soul. 
"It worked, though," Lily whispered. She wrapped her arms around her husband's neck. 
"It seems sometimes professors commit disciplinary offenses too—" Severus froze. If desire and passion hadn't completely taken him over by now... Severus pressed his lips to hers without letting her speak another word. This was no gentle kiss; it was a searing kiss meant to rewrite the night, to eradicate Vespera's name, her image, and that "lace" detail from Lily's memory entirely. 
Lily's feet were swept off the floor—when had Severus picked her up? When Severus pulled back, both were breathless. "Do you still..." Severus said, his forehead resting against Lily's (he hadn't let her go), "...think that woman has beautiful lips?" 
Lily smiled in a dizzy daze, her eyes closed. "What woman? I've already forgotten her name." 
Severus smiled with deep satisfaction. "Good girl. Now, we are closing the subject of Vespera forever. Otherwise..." He leaned in close to her ear. "...I will be forced to show you exactly who lace looks best on." 
Lily giggled, though her face flushed crimson. "Is that a threat, Mr. Snape?" "It is a promise, Professor Snape. Now go upstairs. Before Louie wakes up." 
---------------------------------------- 
Harry couldn't believe he had been chosen as the youngest Seeker for the Gryffindor team. For the past year, he had been so fixated on the idea that it was impossible that when the opportunity fell right into his lap, he thought Professor McGonagall was pulling his leg. But a single stern look from the middle-aged witch erased Harry's last lingering doubts, and only then was he able to rejoice. 
This also meant more practice. Draco or Ron, and sometimes both, would join him, having fun while simultaneously helping him improve. Harry also noticed how fearlessly his friends had started flying over the course of just a month. He could feel nothing but pride in their success. Since he and Draco were in different Houses, the rivalry remained, but Draco's success would never upset Harry. 
One Saturday morning, he had just returned from practice with his three friends and was about to head to the showers when Hermione stopped him. She had run to catch up with Harry, and her cheeks were flushed. "Your mum told me to pass on a message. She's waiting for you in her office." 
Harry was surprised. What could have happened? Ron and Hermione left him on the third floor, heading to the Common Room themselves. Out of habit, Harry knocked before entering. As soon as he stepped inside, he saw Louie, who came running and hugged Harry. His father was there as well. Harry smiled at both of them. His parents were wearing normal clothes, and Louie was telling him how the days were passing while Harry was away. 
"I managed to dodge school," Louie said joyfully. "But this time, Dad is teaching me mathematics at home. So I haven't really escaped anything." He shrugged. "Now you tell me. I hear you're failing Potions?" 
Harry opened his mouth to object, but Lily laughed and said, "There's no such thing, Louie," winking at Harry. 
"It's true, though," said Harry, laughing with a hint of sadness. "I'm the son of two Potions Masters who doesn't understand Potions. I guess I'll never be as good a Potionmaker as you or Dad..." 
It wasn't the end of the world, of course. 
Severus and Lily looked at each other, as if something had just occurred to them. Harry suddenly asked, "Where's Iris?" 
"We left Iris at home, but Remus is with her. She was already sleeping anyway," Severus said. He checked his watch. "We have time to stay for one more hour with Louie." 
Harry had thought that with the distance between home and school being so short, he'd be able to spend most weekends at home. But the strict rule for first and second-year 
students was that they had to be in their dormitories at night—it was only possible to leave the castle with the Hogsmeade trips that started in the third year. 
Harry caught up on the latest gossip; Sirius and Martina were supposedly working on a project in Italy and were going through a busy period. Harry asked about the project, but 
even his parents didn't know. Louie, according to his father, had stopped giving everyone a headache while playing the piano; he was getting better now. Iris didn't look 
like Harry or Louie: she was a completely unique soul, and both parents were still trying 
to figure her out. 
"Out of nowhere, she calls what I'm wearing 'ugly,' even though I'm wearing a perfectly 
standard jumper," grumbled Severus, adjusting his black turtleneck. There was an accepting smile in his voice rather than actual reproach. 
Lily laughed. "Maybe Iris will be a famous robe designer in the future, eh? What do you 
say, Louie?" Louie shrugged, completely indifferent. 
When it was time to leave, as Lily reminded Louie of the list of house rules for the tenth 
time in front of the fireplace (especially the rule about not entering the laboratory), 
Severus pulled Harry aside. He placed a hand on his son's shoulder. 
"Do not feel unnecessary pressure regarding your classes, Harry," Severus said, his 
voice low. "It does not matter what people say; they will always find something to talk 
about. Look, you might not be a genius over a potion cauldron..." His eyes gleamed with 
pride. "...but I know that when you are on that broom, you are the most dangerous player on the pitch." 
Catching the wide, slightly wicked grin spreading across Harry's face, Severus immediately felt the need to clarify. "Dangerous to your opponents, Harry. Not to your 
own neck. You know what I mean." 
Harry chuckled. Severus, gently steering Louie by the nape of his neck, disappeared 
into the green flames of the fireplace. Once the room fell silent, Lily turned to Harry. 
"So you are struggling with Potions," she said, her tone observational rather than 
accusatory. "It wasn't obvious at all in class." 
Harry smiled sheepishly. "Because Hermione saves our skins. Even Neville's. Draco's 
potions are good, but he copies off us in other classes, so we're even." 
Lily stroked her chin thoughtfully. "I wonder... should I give you and Ron private 
remedial lessons in the evenings? We could work on your weak spots." 
Harry groaned in horror. "Mum, no! Please! We'd be the laughingstock of the whole 
school. They'd mock us as 'the babies pulled into private tutoring by their mummy'." 
Lily shrugged, having found a perfectly practical solution. "No one would know. I'll tell 
everyone I've given you detention. We'll say you're terribly naughty and constantly 
getting detention. It would even be cool." 
Harry covered his face with his hands. "Mum, that's so much worse! We aren't the 
school hooligans, we just can't brew potions!" 
---------------------------------------- 
INTERLUDE 
It was the second Thursday of October. Quirrell was teaching this year's Defense 
Against the Dark Arts classes in the dungeons, but his private quarters and office were on another floor of Hogwarts entirely. For his covert operations, this suited Quirrell 
perfectly. The room was dim, reeking heavily of garlic and decay. 
The young man with the turban trembled in the center of the room. But it was not from fear; it was from the power of the other entity within him. 
"Master..." Quirrell whispered, talking to himself. "The troll is about to enter. Snape will be distracted, and his wife won't be able to reach him in time. Our plan is working, 
Master." 
From behind him came that cold, hissing voice. Quirrell's mouth did not move, but the voice echoed inside his head. "Not enough... That woman is clever. She will suspect. 
We need a scapegoat. Someone who will open the doors and take the blame..." 
Right at that moment, there was a soft knock on the door. Quirrell adjusted his wand and slipped on his stuttering, cowardly mask. 
"C-come in." 
Vespera Ferrett entered. In Vespera, who normally looked flawless at all times, there was a slight dullness in her eyes and a mechanical air to her movements. "You sent for 
me, Quirrell?" Vespera said. Her voice sounded normal. She closed the door behind her. "If this is not regarding the students in my House—" 
Quirrell sneered. His mask dropped. "Imperio," said Quirrell, pointing his wand right 
between Vespera's eyebrows. The slight look of surprise on Vespera's face vanished, replaced by a peaceful, vacant expression. Her mind was no longer her own. 
"Can you hear me, Vespera?" This time, it was Voldemort speaking. 
"I hear you, Master," Vespera said, her voice completely flat, like a puppet. "Have you lowered the security wards in the dungeons?" 
"Yes. I have removed the corridor enchantments so the troll can pass." 
"Good," the voice said. "Now... You will continue to distract Lily Snape. You will keep her occupied. With her husband, her son, her past, her purity. Prevent her from looking 
at us. Make a fool of yourself if you must, become aggressive if you must. But ensure that both her eyes, and the eyes of her slippery husband, remain fixed on you." 
Vespera's mind, wrapped in the sweet numbness of the Imperius Curse, accepted the 
command. 
"I will keep Lily occupied," Vespera said, a strange, uncanny smile spreading across her 
face. "I will keep them... very busy." 
Quirrell lowered his wand. "Go now. Do not attend the feast tonight. Stay in your 
quarters and act as though you are feeling guilty." 
Vespera turned and walked out with robotic steps. 
Voldemort whispered to himself: "The Head of Slytherin House... What a useful fool." 
-----
Flashback: 5 October 1991 
Severus was traveling to Rome for the first time since August, and his reason for going 
was certainly not tourism. With a rucksack on his back and a fifteen-kilo toddler, Iris, in 
his arms, he stepped into the fireplace with Floo powder. Within seconds, they 
materialized in the living room of the familiar house. 
"Sirius!" Iris immediately scrambled down from her father's arms and ran to Sirius, who 
was waiting for them in the living room. 
Severus stepped into the room more calmly. Sirius scooped up the energetic girl, and 
an adorable exchange began between them. 
Severus noticed the other man watching them from between the kitchen and the living 
room. He looked a bit more weathered and older, but the face was the same. The 
glasses framing his eyes were more modern. Severus didn't want to speak with him at 
all, but he was in Rome today out of sheer necessity. 
Sirius seemed oblivious to the tension, or perhaps, having grown tired of it, he preferred 
to ignore it altogether. Carrying Iris, he walked over to the kitchen. "Look, Prongs, this is 
our princess. Iris. Iris, this is my best friend." 
"But your friend is Remus," said Iris, surprising even James. 
Sirius winked at her. "Will you be my partner in crime, Iris? Let's not tell Remus about 
this." 
"No, that's lying," Iris stated firmly. James finally managed a laugh, catching Severus's 
attention. 
"She talks so much," said James. Then, he locked eyes with Severus. Sirius, sensing the 
shift, persuaded Iris to "go out to the terrace and look at the city." 
"There is no point in dragging this out," said Severus, cutting straight to the chase 
without hesitation. He reached into his bag and pulled out the wrapped item. "I am 
giving this to you, but not so you can go and spy on Harry. I am giving it because it 
belongs to you, and naturally, to Harry." 
James was completely astounded when he saw his own old Invisibility Cloak. "I gave 
this... years ago—" 
"You gave it to Dumbledore. And he gave it to us. It even protected Lily during a 
mission." 
"What mission? How?" 
For a moment, Severus genuinely considered telling him about the Horcruxes. "Not 
right now. But we will tell you one day." 
James said nothing; his fingers lingered on the familiar fabric. 
Severus reiterated, "No talking to Harry, no watching him at school, no following him 
into the castle." 
James glared at him, his eyes blazing. "What do you want, then? For me to be a ghost in 
my son's life?" 
"You have been exactly that for all these years anyway, let Harry breathe for a few more 
months," Severus replied, matching his anger. "And there will be no telling him the truth 
until he is ready." 
"When? When will he be ready?" 
"Do I look like a Seer from over there, Potter? Of course I do not know, but Lily and I can 
promise you this: when Harry is ready, he will hear the truth from you. If you accept 
these terms, the cloak is yours." 
"The cloak is already mine, and Harry's," said James. 
"Stop acting spoiled, Potter, we are not fifteen years old. I could just as easily take this 
back and give it to Harry as a graduation gift. But I want to give you a chance, too." 
James looked at him in disbelief. "And why is that?" 
"Because Harry made the Quidditch team, despite being a first-year. Don't you want to 
watch his first match next month?" 
---------------------------------------- 
Flashback: 28 September 1991 
My darling, 
I would have preferred to tell you this face-to-face, but I can guess how full your 
schedule is, especially considering I wasn't responsible for all seven years when I was 
teaching. I am truly proud of you. (And yes, I do not tell you this enough.) 
By my own choice, I have resigned from the Department of Magical Law Enforcement for 
the second time. (Do not be too angry with me.) This was a necessary step because we 
have decided to take another step. (Plural, yes. And without you. Again, I ask that you do 
not be angry.) 
Arthur and Molly applied to work together in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office, but 
because she is overqualified (I had no idea Molly was Head Girl!), the Ministry wanted to 
place her elsewhere. Taking on a heavier workload didn't suit either of them. So, while 
eating biscuits and drinking tea, we suddenly founded a company. (Haha, what a 
surprise indeed.) 
This morning (dated today), our approval arrived, and I wanted you to be the first to 
know. Both our applications to become Magical Architecture Regulatory Inspectors 
have been accepted. If we hadn't both noticed the lack of auditing in magical 
architecture, I suppose we would have remained in limbo. (I am feeling quite 
embarrassed, but in a good way.) Molly's analytical side seems to be just as formidable 
as her dueling. Over these past two weeks, I have developed a great deal of respect for 
Arthur. (Do not laugh.) 
Other than that, everything is well. Tell me an evening you are available, and I can take 
you to the Hog's Head and buy you a Firewhisky. S.S. 
Lily, however, did not write such a long response. 
You can pick me up from the North Gate at 9 PM on Friday. I couldn't quite catch all 
those emotions from the letter; tell me again while looking into my eyes, my love. 
---------------------------------------- 
On Halloween evening, just as the entire school was about to attend the feast in the 
Great Hall, Quirrell came sprinting in with a deathly pale face, screaming, "Troll in the 
dungeons!" before fainting in front of the Hufflepuff table. The troll had emerged from 
the dungeons, managed to advance as far as the east corridor, and wrecked the 
greenhouse along with the adjacent potions classroom, rendering the entire room and 
most of the ingredients Lily would use for teaching throughout the year completely 
unusable. 
Fortunately, Lily had stunned the troll. Severus was hovering the unconscious beast in 
the air using Levicorpus. 
-----
The teachers had gathered at the scene. Dumbledore looked at the unconscious troll 
suspended in the air. "How did this troll get inside? The dungeon wards are laden with 
ancient enchantments." 
Severus had arrived via the Floo Network the moment he heard the news, and no one 
had questioned why a non-teacher was allowed at the scene. He glanced at Quirrell, 
the oddly dressed man trembling in the corner, whimpering, "I-it was terrifying!" Then 
Severus's eyes fell on Vespera Ferrett, standing in the shadows of the corridor. 
Vespera looked as stylish as ever, but there was a strange expression on her face. As 
if... she was drunk? Or sleep-deprived? Severus stepped to Lily's side and whispered, 
"Look at Vespera. She was nowhere to be seen during the troll attack, was she? And 
now... she's looking as if she is in a dream." 
Meanwhile, McGonagall and the others were moving the unconscious troll outside. 
Severus was leading Lily out of the ruined classroom and upstairs. 
Just as they were about to turn the corner of the corridor, Lily turned her head and 
looked back at Vespera. The woman smiled at them. But it wasn't a flirtatious smile; it 
was a chilling, vacant smile. Lily reasoned differently. "Maybe she was drinking again? 
Was she frightened?" she said to her husband. They were no longer whispering. 
"No," Severus said, "This isn't fear. Could she have taken down the wards? The door the 
troll entered through is very close to the Slytherin territory." 
"But why would she do that? She would be putting her own students in danger." 
"That woman is unstable, Lily. Think of what she did to you. Perhaps she wanted to 
sabotage your laboratory, but things spiraled out of control." 
Lily shook her head. "That is completely illogical. Vespera may be an alcoholic and a 
lesbian, but to be responsible for everything that happened tonight... No, she wouldn't 
attempt something like this. Unless..." 
Severus looked at her. Lily shook her head again. "No, it's impossible." 
"What came to your mind?" Severus asked immediately. Sometimes the things Lily 
viewed as the most illogical turned out to be the only explanation. 
"What if she is under someone's control? A—a—" 
Lily couldn't finish her sentence; Harry and Draco stepped right in front of them. "Mum, 
a troll got in—" Harry began, but Lily cut him off. 
"To bed, quickly! I will deduct points from both of you, mark my words. You too, Malfoy!" 
Both boys vanished instantly. 
---------------------------------------- 
November 1991 
As Harry and the other players were about to step onto the pitch, his three friends had 
come down to the changing rooms to wish him luck. When Ron told Harry "good luck" 
instead of his own brothers, Fred and George, the twins mercilessly made fun of him, 
and it was Hermione who stepped in to defend Ron. Draco, meanwhile, clapped Harry 
on the shoulder. "Don't fall off, Potter," he said with a smirk. "What would I do without 
you otherwise?" 
Harry rolled his eyes. "See you after the match," he told his friends. 
James Potter, who had arrived in London two days prior, Apparated to Hogsmeade early 
that morning with Remus. Martina and Sirius had truly been a tremendous support for 
James: the young Muggle doctor had simply given him 'two boxes of pills to take every 
day,' and whatever those medicines had done to him, he had gained weight and color 
had returned to his face within two months. 
Sirius had wanted to come with him as well, but Martina's parents' wedding anniversary 
and the Quidditch match had fallen on the same day. 
Fortunately, Remus had come to Hogsmeade with him, both to be a source of 
emotional support for his friend and to watch Harry. 
Compared to Rome, London was cold and gray; James wrapped his coat tighter around 
himself beneath the cloak. He kept asking Remus, "Are my feet showing?" every two 
minutes. 
Lily was watching the match from the teachers' box. Vespera had applied a 
scandalously saturated shade of red lipstick; she was sitting next to Lily but hadn't said 
a word beyond a greeting, rarely even casting a glance in Lily's direction, her attention 
fixed solely on the players. Lily caught Professor Flitwick's eye; the other man looked at 
the two women and smiled amicably. 
Hermione, Ron, Draco, and Neville had taken their places next to the other first-years. 
The players would soon be taking to the air. "Is there room for me?" a voice asked. 
When Ron looked behind him, he saw Severus Snape. The children squeezed together a 
bit more, everyone, including Ron, acting rather cautiously. "Oh. What's up?" Ron said 
to him, not entirely sure what to say. Neville looked at Ron as if he had lost his mind. 
"I haven't had my morning coffee, Weasley. Do not bug me." This response was 
perfectly sufficient; Draco bit his gloved fist to stifle a snicker at Ron. 
In an upper stand where there were relatively fewer students, sat Remus and James. 
From beneath the cloak, James asked, "Maybe no one will notice me. Can't I take it off?" 
Remus shook his head. "It is impossible for you not to be recognized, Prongs. We are 
too close to the teachers' box, and they are all old hands. We aren't that old yet." James 
couldn't argue. 
The match began. Brooms were in the air. Lee Jordan's voice echoed through the 
stadium. 
"And here is Potter!" he said enthusiastically, providing commentary on each player 
individually. "Only a first-year, but he looks as comfortable on that broom as if he were 
at home! Gryffindor has really hit the jackpot with their Seeker position this year!" 
James forced himself not to sniffle from beneath the cloak. Remus squeezed his 
friend's arm. "You see? We told you. He dives just like you." 
"Better," whispered James, his voice trembling. "He flies better than I do. Look at him!" 
---------------------------------------- 
However, in the tenth minute of the match, things started to go wrong. Harry had 
spotted the Snitch and gone into a dive when his broom suddenly lurched. It was as if 
an invisible hand was pulling him down, thrashing him about. 
"What's that?" said Ron, leaping to his feet in alarm. "His broom's out of control!" 
Severus's eyes narrowed; he looked toward the teachers' box like a hawk. Lily had her 
hands over her mouth. Vespera was stark white, as if she had been hexed by a goblin, 
and completely rigid. 
At the same time, Remus was watching in bewilderment. It was obvious that this was a 
dark curse, and it wasn't just to make Gryffindor lose the match; it was a direct attempt 
on Harry's life. James growled angrily beside him. "Calm down, Prongs." A counter
curse came to James's mind, but he didn't know if it would work. 
Meanwhile, Severus, without realizing it, had already begun performing the very 
counter-curse that had come to James's mind. 
Draco handed his binoculars to Hermione. "Look at this." Hermione stared in shock. 
Professor Quirrell, with a demonic glint in his expression and red eyes, was performing 
a spell just like Harry's father was doing at that moment. But he didn't want to protect 
him. "Why, do you think? Why is he cursing the broom?" Draco asked in bewilderment. 
Hermione handed the binoculars back to him. "I don't know. But it has to be stopped." 
Hermione had no idea that Severus had heard them. He snatched the binoculars from 
Malfoy and looked at where the teachers were seated. Vespera was stiff, clinging to 
Lily's arm, her face filled with panic. She seemed innocent, though. 
But Quirrell... This was highly suspicious. Ron had just muttered "hold on, Harry" when 
Harry regained his balance. In that exact second, all hell broke loose in the teachers' 
row. The hem of Quirrell's robes had caught fire, and several teachers had lost their 
balance. 
Remus breathed a sigh of relief. They hadn't understood the commotion that had 
broken out. Remus turned to his friend. "Look, James, the broom's sorted." When no 
answer came, he looked around in confusion. The wolf couldn't pick up James's scent 
anywhere nearby. Oh, brilliant... 
Meanwhile, Harry regained control of his broom, and right at that moment, he saw the 
Slytherin Seeker, Higgs, closing in on the Snitch. Harry didn't hesitate. He remembered 
the tactic he had been practicing with Draco and Ron for weeks. He pointed his broom 
handle down at a steep angle. He went into a suicidal dive right toward Higgs. 
"He's going to crash!" screamed Hermione, having returned to her seat. 
Severus, however, shook his head. "No. He knows what he's doing." 
Harry didn't crash. Just a meter above the grass, he pulled his broom up hard. As Higgs 
dodged to the side in fear, Harry stood up and raised his hand into the air. A golden wing 
was fluttering inside his palm. 
---------------------------------------- 
Lee Jordan roared into the microphone: "HARRY POTTER HAS CAUGHT IT! GRYFFINDOR 
WINS! WHAT WAS THAT? A MAGNIFICENT COMEBACK!" The stands were erupting. 
Severus let out a deep breath and leaned back. On his face appeared that proud, slight 
smirk that only Draco and Ron noticed. 
While the stands echoed with chants of "POTTER! POTTER!", Remus Lupin was looking 
around anxiously. James was gone. Amidst the jubilation of the crowd, Remus glanced 
at the commotion in the teachers' box. Quirrell was still trying to put out his smoldering 
robes. Lily was nowhere to be seen in the stands; she had most likely rushed off to 
speak with Harry. 
Right at that moment, a scent of cedar with undertones of citrus drifted to Remus's 
nose from his right side, followed by a faint smell of smoke. "That was close," said 
James's voice from beneath the cloak. He was panting. "I almost caught him. The 
lowlife bastard. Messing with my son's balance, eh? But I made him pay, Moony." 
Remus whispered so no one else would hear. "James... Did you just set a teacher on 
fire?" 
"He was trying to throw my son off, Remus. I swear, it was like he was cursed. I saw the 
man up close, his eyes were red. Severus and I were performing the counter-curse, but 
it wasn't enough. Someone needed to distract him." Then he paused. "Someone might 
have seen me." 
"What??" Remus asked in astonishment. 
"Hey. I was under the cloak," said James. Remus couldn't see him, but he was sure he 
was grinning. "I think she was going to target the same man. But I acted faster than her." 
"Who?" 
James shrugged. "A girl. A young student."  
"And without a wand?"  
James shook his head. "Actually, I have an old wand with me." As Remus glared angrily 
at the empty space where the Invisibility Cloak was, James added, "Don't get mad at 
me, your girlfriend thought of it. She gave it to me yesterday to protect myself. But as 
you know, the wand has to choose the wizard, so..."  
So the wand wasn't working in coordination with James. Remus let out a deep sigh. 
"Good Lord. Let's hope whoever this young student is doesn't pry too much. Also, once 
all this is over, we are getting you a new wand."  
---------------------------------------- 
The Gryffindor team was being carried on shoulders toward the castle. Harry had never 
felt this happy in his life. As the crowd dispersed, Harry was walking back to the castle 
with Ron and Hermione. 
"That was unbelievable, Harry!" said Ron. "That dive... Even Malfoy closed his eyes in 
fear!" 
"I did not close my eyes!" Draco said, catching up from behind them. His face was 
flushed red with excitement. "I just... squinted strategically. But I admit, Potter, that 
Wronski Feint... It's a good thing we practiced it." 
Harry smiled. "Thanks, Draco." 
Hermione, however, was thoughtful. "Guys, the broom incident... You saw that teacher, 
right? Professor Quirrell." 
"Yes!" Draco said. "His eyes... they looked blood-red." Harry hadn't known who was 
responsible for what happened to him, so they filled him in. 
"I was going to stop him," Hermione said, lowering her voice. "I had my wand out, but he 
caught fire before I even cast a spell. It was as if... as if someone acted before me." 
Harry paused. "Who could it be?" 
Right at that moment, as they passed a shadowed corner of the courtyard, Harry felt a 
strange sensation on the back of his neck. It was as if someone was watching him. But 
it wasn't a threatening gaze; it was a warm, familiar feeling. A faint, woody breeze and 
the scent of citrus, not carried by the wind, reached his nose. Harry stopped and looked 
behind him. In the empty courtyard, there were only leaves scattering in the wind. 
"Harry?" said Ron. "Are you coming? Let's not be late for the celebration in the common 
room." 
"Coming," Harry said, taking one last look into that empty space. "Just... felt 
something." 
A few meters away, beneath the cloak, James was burning with the desire to reach out 
and touch Harry's messy hair. But Remus, who was also under the cloak, pulled him 
back, gripping the fabric tightly. 
"No, James," whispered Remus; it pained him to pull his friend back, but he did it 
anyway. "You saw him. He's fine. He's happy. We need to go now. Before Severus 
notices us." 
James couldn't hold back his tears as he watched his son walk away. "He's grown, 
Remus... He's grown so much." 
---------------------------------------- 
When the victory party in the Gryffindor common room ended, Harry was talking with 
Hermione and Ron. "How could this be? You must have seen it wrong, Professor 
Quirrell wouldn't do it." Harry couldn't associate this terrible crime with the oddly 
dressed man. 
Hermione shook her head as if in sorrow. "Harry, I wish I were sure I saw it wrong, but 
Draco saw it too." 
"His eyes were blood-red and evil," Ron supported. 
Harry wanted to believe his friends; they wouldn't lie. But why would a teacher want to 
kill him? Then he remembered Peter the rat. Harry's shoulders slumped. 
"We can't tell my mum yet, Hermione... I know you'll say 'she has the right to know,' but 
not right now." 
"What are you thinking?" asked Ron. 
"My mum and dad shouldn't find out until we're sure. I'm afraid they'd become 
murderers. Quirrell wouldn't have a hole to hide in." 
December 1991 
The streetlamp glowing outside in the night illuminated Remus's small one-room flat in 
central London. The dim yellow light would sometimes catch on the curtain, and 
sometimes the curtain would be open, allowing the light to stretch all the way to the 
carpet. The wolf didn't like this flat; it was far from the forest. On the nights he 
transformed, he would silently flee the city, taking three different trains to go to the 
alpha. But Remus had silenced its displeasure a long time ago. 
The era's latest electronic gadget, plugged into the wall and starting the radio instead of 
an alarm in the mornings, displayed 04:21 on its screen. 
Remus and Dora were on the bed... not sleeping. On the contrary, the only things 
breaking the silence in the room were their mingling breaths, the sound of skin against 
skin, and the rhythmic, metallic squeak of that damn bed frame. Dora's hair was 
scattered across the pillow—purple, long, and soft. She closed her deep gray eyes for a 
moment, bit her lip in pleasure, and dug her nails into Remus's back. Remus growled 
softly, but this didn't stop the woman. 
The passion, endless respect, deep love, and the instinct to possess and protect this 
woman in his arms were often the reason his heart beat fast and hard enough to burst 
out of his ribcage. He had even thought he had an arrhythmia at the beginning of the 
summer. But now, as his breath hit the crook of Dora's neck and her scent filled his 
lungs, he knew this wasn't an illness. 
Dora pulled him even closer, and Remus surrendered to the warmth of her skin. When 
he shifted his weight onto her, the old metal bed frame beneath them let out a high
pitched shriek. SCREEECH. 
But this sound was lost between them. When Remus pressed his lips to Dora's, the 
world consisted only of that small, dim room. No earthly element outside was more real 
right now than Dora wrapping her legs around his waist. 
Their movements quickened, their breaths mingled. The air in the room felt heavy. Dora 
brought one hand to where their skin met; they had both reached the peak of pleasure 
at the same time—but the laws of physics and the bed's bearing capacity couldn't 
handle it—CRACK! 
They had abruptly stopped kissing and looked at each other—it lasted maybe a 
second—when one of the bed's metal legs decided to resign. CRASH! 
The bed collapsed in on itself, hitting the floor mattress and all, taking the lovers on top 
of it down with it. While Remus cursed with the foulest words, Dora burst into laughter. 
To keep the sound from reaching the next-door neighbor, she pulled the pillow from 
under her head and continued laughing while biting into it; muffled, hiccup-like giggles 
could be heard. Remus could feel her shoulders shaking. 
"That makes three... we've broken it three times," Remus said, his voice sounding like a 
groan mixed with exasperation. Raising his head slightly, he added, "The old woman 
downstairs will definitely think her ceiling has caved in, if she hasn't woken up already." 
Dora pulled the pillow from her mouth, breathless, tears streaming from her eyes from 
laughing so hard. Her hair had turned a vibrant pink; it was always pink when she was 
joyful. "I think we broke our record," she said, her voice still trembling. "Last time, only 
the headboard came off in our hands." 
That memory was also a very fond one, Remus recalled. His cheeks flushed, but not 
from embarrassment. 
"Duty calls once again." Remus stood up first, then extended his hand, and Dora 
carefully stepped from the wreckage onto the floor. The heating system shut off at 
midnight, and there was a chill in the room that gave her bare skin goosebumps; Dora 
rubbed her own shoulders. They both grabbed their wands from the nightstand. 
"Reparo Maxima," they said in unison. Wooden planks flew through the air, screws 
squeaked as they returned to their places, and the bent metal legs straightened out. 
Remus set his wand down and tested the bed with his hand. "I hope it holds until 
morning. But the springs... the springs are beyond saving now." 
Wasting no time, Dora pushed Remus by the shoulders, making him fall back onto the 
"repaired" bed. Her hair shifted back to purple. The bed creaked again, but they didn't 
care. 
"If it breaks again..." she whispered into Remus's ear, "...this time, we continue on the 
floor." 
Even knowing the bed could collapse again at any moment, Remus surrendered to the 
woman's allure. He wrapped his arms around her in silent agreement, and their lips 
met. 
----------------------------------------
To stay at school for the Christmas holidays or invite his friends home? Lily wasn't in 
favor of the first option, but she had told Harry the choice was his. Harry could stay at 
school since Draco didn't want to go home. On the other hand, if Draco wanted to, they 
could spend the entire Christmas in Hogsmeade. The students had finished breakfast 
and were slowly leaving the school. The Hogwarts Express would depart from 
Hogsmeade station in an hour. Breakfast was still ongoing in the Great Hall. Lily had 
eaten her porridge and was about to go find her son to talk to him when Vespera 
stopped her. 
"Merry Christmas, Lily," she said in an overly cheerful and forward voice. She held a 
goblet in her hand—not wine, but some other liquid. She was wearing a lovely velvet 
dress with a deep V-neck, but it wasn't overly sexy or provocative. Lily looked into those 
deep blue eyes and thanked her sincerely, but grey smoke was rising from the goblet. 
"Aren't you going to drink?" she asked in a slightly offended tone. 
Lily examined the goblet. Of course, she wasn't going to drink it. "What is this?" she 
asked. 
"Poison," Vespera said flatly, chirping like a bird. Then, suddenly, she lunged for Lily's 
throat. 
But Lily was not defenseless; the goblet fell to the floor, and Lily kicked Vespera's knee 
and punched her in the stomach. When the witch suddenly doubled over, Lily 
neutralized her with her wand. The students passing by, leaving the Great Hall, were 
startled by the sound of the goblet; before they even understood what was happening, 
Professor Snape had taken down her opponent as if she were in a boxing ring. 
"You've gone too far now, Vespera," she said, ignoring the groaning witch. She didn't 
think the woman's unstable behavior stemmed from consciously evil actions, but she 
wasn't sure. There was only one way to solve this. 
"Legilimens!" 
Lily entered the other witch's defenseless mind. She expected to see twisted fantasies 
or premeditated malice in Vespera's mind. But all she saw was a dense, grey, and 
suffocating fog. And within that fog, there was a chained Vespera, crying and 
screaming. Lily couldn't hear her; her voice had been hijacked too. 
Lily was shocked. This was not the mind of an attacker. This was the mind of a victim. 
Deep within the mind, Lily heard that familiar, cold, hissing voice: "Distract Snape... 
attack her husband, her past... DISTRACT..." 
Lily had heard this voice before. "Stand aside... Stand aside. You will leave him to me..." 
The moment Lily realized the truth, she felt as if she had been punched in the gut. This 
woman she had hated and despised for months was, in fact, a puppet. She immediately 
changed her strategy. She switched from attack mode to healer mode. She immediately 
returned to the real world. 
Professor Quirrell was approaching them with quick steps, but upon seeing Lily's ice
fire glare, he stopped in his tracks. McGonagall was closer. "Oh, Lily. What just 
happened?" 
"Minerva! Help me, quickly! She... She's not in her right mind!" Lily shook Vespera's 
shoulders. The woman was trembling as if having a seizure. "Vespera! Look at me! 
Focus on the voice in your mind! That voice is not mine! Banish that voice!" 
Lily pressed her wand to Vespera's temple and whispered, "Finite Incantatem! REJECT 
IMPERIO!" 
A yellowish-green light flashed from her wand. Vespera's body went completely rigid, 
then she collapsed onto the floor, right onto Lily's knees, like a puppet whose strings 
had been cut. The glass-like expression in her blue eyes shattered. It was replaced by 
deep terror, confusion, and shame. 
"Lily? What happened to me? Where am I?" 
McGonagall covered her mouth with her hands in absolute shock. "Someone... inside 
Hogwarts, right under my nose, cast the Imperius Curse on a Head of House?!" 
The aftermath was pure chaos. They took Vespera Ferrett to the hospital wing. She was 
constantly apologizing, while Lily held her hand, trying to calm her down. Victims of this 
curse wouldn't remember what had happened or what they had done. Poor Vespera 
was imagining the worst. 
"Shh, it's alright. It's over. You're safe." 
---------------------------------------- 
While all this was happening, Harry was outside in the Hogwarts grounds. Draco, 
Hermione, Ron, and Neville were with him. There was a snowy chill in the air, and the 
ground was a bit icy. Draco had decided to stay at the house in Hogsmeade with Harry. 
The others were taking the train home. "Maybe next year we'll all stay at school," Ron 
said. It was a good plan. They said their goodbyes to one another. 
"Aren't we just going to walk over?" asked Draco. 
Harry laughed bitterly. "If only it were that easy. But my parents are obsessed with my 
safety. My dad is going to walk with us." Then Harry checked his watch. "He should have 
been here by now." 
"Let's go back into the school if you want. We'll freeze out here," said Draco. They 
decided to wait in the Great Hall as they climbed the stairs, but everyone was 
whispering among themselves; many of the older students looked horrified. Harry 
spotted his Captain, Oliver Wood. 
"What happened?" he asked Oliver. 
Oliver looked pensive. "Ah, Harry. You should have been here to see it. Professor Ferrett 
attacked your mum, but your mum neutralized her. And then it turned out poor Ferrett 
was under the Imperius Curse." 
Draco went stark white. Harry was shocked. "Is my mum alright?" 
"She's fine, fine. Ferrett was taken to the hospital wing." 
Draco and Harry exchanged a look. Then Draco pulled Harry along, out into the corridor, 
and finally next to a deserted statue. "The Imperius Curse is an Unforgivable Curse. You 
can make a person do whatever you want. They have no say in the matter. They obey 
unconditionally." 
"Merlin's beard. That's a terrifying thing," said Harry. 
"That's what my father is saying too." A wave of sorrow spread across his face. "I've only 
seen him about three times in my life. He was in prison before. After the breakout... 
He's hiding behind this. It's a lie! I have no proof, but he's lying!" He was angry now. "He 
wants to negotiate with the Ministry so he doesn't have to go back. Anyone who believes 
him must have lost their mind." 
"I don't have a clue, to be honest. But Draco," Harry added in a soft voice, "I think your 
parents love you. All these problems will pass one day." 
"They don't love me; they love the pure Slytherin blood," Draco said. "There is an Auror 
at the Ministry, Nymphadora Tonks. She's my cousin, did you know that? Our mothers 
are sisters. Because my aunt Andromeda married a Muggle, she wasn't just 
disinherited. Everyone turned their backs on her. They'll turn their backs on me too." He 
sniffled. "And my other aunt escaped from Azkaban with my father. What a rubbish 
bloodline." 
Harry didn't say anything else; he just hugged his friend. Draco relaxed in his arms and 
began to cry silently. Harry continued to hold him until Draco let go. 
---------------------------------------- 
For the next four hours, Lily was completely occupied. On one hand, she was asking 
Madam Pomfrey about Vespera Ferrett's condition; on the other, she was trying to 
rationalize her suspicions about Professor Quirrell. Lily had always been someone with 
strong intuition—some called it paranoia. But Lily was no longer a teenage girl in love; if 
she was going to openly accuse someone, she needed proof. 
It had taken surprisingly long for Severus to hear the news; Lily could thank Harry and 
Draco for that. She loved her husband, she was bound to him with endless love and 
respect, an 'all or nothing' kind of love, and Lord knows Severus had become more 
confident and self-assured as he aged. She knew what would make him laugh, what 
would make him sad; she knew his love language. 
Perhaps because she knew him so well, Lily's heart ached when the hospital wing doors 
burst open and Severus came running in. Severus wasn't the type to lock Lily away 
when she faced danger, but he always seemed to be bracing for the worst. Lily hugged 
him back, running one hand through his hair and slipping the other inside his coat (she 
had unzipped it to hold him tighter), rubbing his back to soothe her husband, who was 
in tears. 
"Breathe, Sev," Lily whispered, pressing her lips to his neck. "I'm right here. I'm in one 
piece. Look, nothing happened to me." The trembling in her husband's shoulders slowly 
subsided, but his arms didn't let her go. 
Lily told him everything that had happened. By the time she finished, Severus had 
calmed down but looked thoughtful. Lily wanted to change the subject. "Are Harry and 
Draco at home?" Severus nodded. All four children were safe at home. 
---------------------------------------- 
Christmas Morning, 1991 
It was snowing heavily outside, but the inside of the house was toasty. The fireplace 
was roaring, and Harry and Draco were distributing the wrapped presents under the 
pine tree, opening their own as well. When Draco received an old Slytherin scarf from 
his father, he rolled his eyes instead of sulking. Harry got a Walkman radio from Sirius 
and a broomstick maintenance kit from his parents. Remus arrived with his hidden gift 
in his coat pocket: heaps of Swiss chocolate. 
After the children had eaten enough (more than enough, really), Lily put the chocolates 
away despite their protests, while Severus secretly smirked. Louie, in particular, had a 
sweet tooth just like his mother. 
While Iris and Louie played with their new toys on the rug, the adults had settled into a 
post-breakfast lethargy. 
Severus, in his usual corner, was enjoying the morning silence with his black coffee. 
Remus was peacefully nibbling on a cinnamon biscuit in the armchair across from the 
fireplace, while Tonks examined the Walkman Harry had received as a gift 
("Unfortunately, this won't work at Hogwarts. The magical wards block radio 
frequencies, Harry."). Lily wanted to ask her and Remus if there was any news from 
James, but Harry was in the room, currently talking to his father about a Herbology 
book. 
Bu sahne, Lily ve Severus’un evindeki o sıcak Noel sabahını, Remus ve Dora’nın "yatak 
kırma" kazasının yankılarıyla birleştirerek harika bir durum komedisine dönüştürmüş. 
Severus'un o iğneleyici zekası ve Remus'un beyefendi kişiliği arasındaki bu çekişme, 
hikayeye muazzam bir neşe katıyor. 
İşte bu esprili ve utanç dolu Noel anlarının İngilizce çevirisi: 
The Furniture Catalog and The Feral Beast 
Then she remembered the "surprise" she had for Remus. She reached the potions 
room and brought back the freshly brewed, ready-to-drink Wolfsbane Potion. She had 
prepared nearly two liters, so the doses for the coming days were ready as well. When 
she returned to the kitchen, Tonks was examining a magical catalog: furniture. Lily 
handed her the potion. 
"I hope Remus likes this. I added some lemon to make it taste better," she said. Tonks 
accepted it with a smile but informed her, 
"Actually, Remus has been spending his full moons with other werewolves for a while 
now." Her eyes looked a bit anxious as she added, "You know, he transforms more 
easily with emotional support. But thank you so much; Remus will want to try this too." 
Lily glanced at the page she was reading. "Furniture for the bedroom?" 
Tonks averted her eyes slightly. "I'm overdoing it, aren't I? Remus lives in a Muggle 
house and has nice things... they're just old," she said. 
Lily nodded. "But you live there now too, don't you? I think you can decorate it however 
you like." 
The young woman bit her lip slightly in agreement. "It would be a New Year's gift for my 
boyfriend. Besides, these aren't pieces of furniture that wear out easily. No danger of 
breaking or collapsing," she said, blushing a little. Then she raised her gray eyes and 
looked at Lily in a mild panic. "No, nothing like that happened! It’s just... well, Remus is 
a heavy sleeper. Sometimes... you know, when the bed is old, the springs just pop out." 
Right at that moment, a lung-bursting cough rose from in front of the fireplace. "Ahem
hem! Cough!" Remus had sent a piece of the cinnamon biscuit he was peacefully eating 
down the wrong pipe. His face turned pink, then bright red, as he pounded his chest 
trying to catch his breath, all while desperately trying not to look at Lily and Tonks. 
Harry and Draco were laughing as they slapped him on the back. 
"You ate too fast, Uncle Remus," Harry said, suppressing his laughter. "Do you want my 
dad to hit you? He hits harder. Once, I practically stuck to the table." Draco was 
laughing even louder. 
Severus raised his eyebrows at the mention of his name; fortunately, the children 
hadn't understood the subtext. "Drink some water, Lupin," he said indifferently. 
Remus took the glass with trembling hands and downed it. His throat was burning, but 
his cheeks were burning even more. Louie pointed to another package. "Harry, this one 
is yours, not mine." 
Harry and Draco headed back to the Christmas tree. 
Taking advantage of the children moving away, Severus, of course, was going to needle 
Remus. This opportunity only came once a year. "I see, Lupin..." Severus said, his voice 
silky smooth but sharp as a blade, "...that you've been letting your 'wild animal' out even 
when it isn't a full moon." 
Lily shot her husband a warning look. Remus groaned, set the glass on the table, and 
buried his face in his hands. "Severus... for the love of God, shut up." 
Tonks’s face and hair had both turned a deep shade of red. Lily didn’t want to 
embarrass her further, but she couldn't suppress the urge to laugh. “Tea, anyone?” she 
asked in a slightly trembling voice; the subject simply had to change. 
“Whoa! This is an Invisibility Cloak, Harry!” Draco’s astonished and loud voice made 
the hair on the back of all the adults’ necks stand up. 
Remus instantly forgot the "bed and broken springs" embarrassment of moments ago. 
His eyes were locked onto that silvery, fluid fabric that seemed to both swallow and 
reflect light as it spilled down from Harry’s hands like a waterfall. He knew that fabric. 
He knew the hundreds of hours they had spent beneath it, the midnight walks through 
school corridors. That cloak had been like a second skin to James. 
Harry ran his fingers through the fabric in admiration. "This is... so strange," he 
whispered. "It feels like touching water." 
As Lily released the breath she had been holding, her eyes shifted to her husband. ‘Did 
he send this?’ she asked silently, a question only Severus could hear. Severus looked 
back at her and nodded. He had given the cloak to James himself, but under strict rules. 
He hadn't expected the cloak to pass to Harry just yet. Ah, disaster. Severus knew 
Harry, and he knew him well. Every move, how his mind worked, how his eyes narrowed 
when he grew suspicious... 
“There’s a note too, Harry,” said Draco. Harry took the note and read it aloud. 
“Dear Harry. It is time this unique heirloom returned to you; it once belonged to your 
father. He would have wanted you to have it now. Use it well.” 
He frowned. “There’s no name.” 
“According to my father, invisibility cloaks are truly unique objects,” Draco said with 
admiration. Then he insisted, “Go on, try it!” Harry, looking a bit surprised, threw the 
cloak over his shoulders, and suddenly everything from his neck down vanished. Only a 
floating, grinning head remained. 
“Brilliant!” Louie shouted. Iris, who had been watching them silently, reached out and 
caught the hem of the cloak, then turned her head toward her father. Severus had 
walked over to them and cut in with a cold voice, though there was a strange softness to 
it. 
“Quite nice. But if you use this for stupid pranks at school, I swear I will burn the cloak.” 
Harry’s floating head smirked. “Don’t worry, Dad. I’ll only use it to go to the library. To 
the Restricted Section.” 
“No, Harry!” All three adults spoke at once in warning. 
Tonks couldn't quite make sense of the intensity, but she realized the situation led back 
to James. She took two more biscuits and gave one to Remus. “Chew carefully, 
darling.” 
Severus picked Iris up and returned to the kitchen table. "Did you know about this?" he 
asked Remus in a low voice. Remus, of course, had no idea; had he known, he would 
have stopped James. 
"Prongs sent the cloak, didn't he, Dad?" Iris suddenly whispered into his ear. Severus 
froze for a moment at his daughter's whisper. 
The wise look in Iris's blue eyes had pierced through Severus's armor in a single blow. At 
Lily's warning, he sank into a kitchen chair— 
"Be careful, Sev," Lily said, noticing the tension at the table and how Severus had turned 
deathly pale. "Where is your mind wandering now, my love?" 
END OF CHAPTER 1 
February 1992 
I need to get into the place where everything is hidden, Lily thought as she stood in the 
unfamiliar corridor on the seventh floor. That was how the room worked — but each 
time, Lily felt more lost. Even Dumbledore couldn’t help her. And Severus… she hadn’t 
told her husband. 
She could have, but two adults wandering the corridors at night without an Invisibility 
Cloak would draw far too much attention. And Severus’s protective streak would leave 
her no room to breathe. When the door appeared on the blank wall, Lily stepped inside. 
She knew what would greet her this time: a vast, abandoned space stretching forward 
like a forgotten library, lined with piles of objects once hidden for safekeeping — or 
simply forgotten with time. Furniture, books, bottles, trunks… 
And Lily was searching for a diadem she didn’t even know the appearance of. 
“What do you look like?” she murmured as she slipped between rusted suits of armor 
and teetering towers of old furniture. 
She lifted her wand, illuminating the chaotic city of discarded belongings around her. 
She had been here for three hours, and the only things she’d found were: a piano with a 
broken leg, a half‑burnt portrait, and a bottle of some viscous green potion she didn’t 
dare open. There were countless objects that could be Horcruxes — but not a single 
crown. 
Exhausted, Lily leaned her back against a dusty wardrobe and wiped the sweat from her 
brow. Her wandlight fell upon a hideous bust wearing a wig, perched on a chest of 
drawers. 
“Bloody hell,” Lily whispered. “I’m wasting time. I need to get back before Severus 
wakes.” 
Finding the exit wasn’t difficult. She checked her watch again as she slipped out — it 
was already four in the morning. Hoping Severus had slept soundly, she hurried to her 
quarters, used the Floo, and stepped into her familiar living room. 
Severus was there, with a disapproving expression on his face. They didn't shout or 
argue, but Severus made it clear he was not pleased with this midnight escapade. “This 
was actually the third time. During the other attempts, you slept straight through and I—
” 
“You say that as if it’s something to brag about,” Severus snapped, incredulous. If 
anyone knew how dangerous dark objects were, it was Lily — Severus still hadn’t 
forgotten the locket incident years ago. 
But Lily only giggled. “Well, it’s true. I kept slipping back under the covers before you 
noticed.” 
“You’re impossible. Come here — you’re freezing.” He wrapped his arms around her, 
warming her with his own body heat. 
Later, they returned to bed, and Lily managed perhaps four hours of sleep. 
The next day, Lily was busy with her classes. Since the Christmas holidays, Harry had 
begun brewing far better potions—even though he had refused her offer of remedial 
lessons—and he was now earning points for his House by participating more actively. 
There was a silent rivalry between him and Draco, a game they carried across not only 
Potions but every subject they shared. He was getting along well with his peers, too. 
The Malfoy family seemed to have stopped putting Draco under psychological strain. 
The moment Vespera Ferrett had been discharged from the hospital wing, the very first 
thing she did was summon Lucius and Narcissa to her office for a private meeting. Lily 
found herself liking this new Vespera—one who was no longer under a curse, who lived 
on her own terms, who spoke sharply and took decisive action. But when it came to 
anything outside her profession, Vespera was still the same feminine woman who wore 
low‑cut blouses and lace‑trimmed accessories. (Lily tried very hard not to think about 
the stockings.) 
There was another detail Lily was trying not to think about: the cloak. At some point she 
would have to speak to James about it—and if necessary, hang him from the chandelier 
by his ears with magic. How could he have been so reckless as to gift the cloak at a time 
when they needed to be more careful than ever? 
After New Year’s, Lily had written Sirius a long letter about the matter and sent it by owl. 
The owl had returned four days later, but without a reply. Lily suspected both men were 
too embarrassed to address the subject—and honestly, she preferred it that way for 
now. 
As for the Horcrux situation, Severus once again considered asking Dumbledore for 
help, but Lily was reluctant. Dumbledore was terribly busy, and what had happened last 
summer still lingered in her mind. To be truthful, she was hurt. She had spoken her 
truth, refused to hide behind excuses—and yet the Headmaster had disappointed her. 
Lily simply needed more time. 
---------------------------------------- 
“How could you send him the cloak, James? We said Harry was a clever boy, but you— 
you did it just so you could feel better! He’s eleven, for Merlin’s sake, an unpredictable 
pre‑teen!” Sirius was waving Lily’s letter in his hand, scolding James with full force. 
James, meanwhile, looked as though he wished the kitchen floor would swallow him 
whole. Remus and Martina were out on the terrace, unable to hear the argument. There 
was magic on the house for that sort of thing. 
“He’s got his mother at school; he won’t be able to use it that often. I just wanted him to 
have a bit of fun. I didn’t think it would turn into such a big deal, Sirius. You can yell at 
me all you want, I don’t mind,” James said quietly. 
“No— no, you should mind! You great thick‑skulled idiot!” Sirius’s grey eyes dropped 
back to the letter. “Thanks to you, I got scolded as well.” 
James tried not to laugh, but Sirius’s expression had softened. “Why didn’t you keep it 
for yourself?” Sirius asked in a gentler tone. “You could’ve ditched Remus, walked from 
Hogsmeade to the school easily. Watched Harry fly around on his broom and come 
straight back.” 
“It’s not that simple,” James said, suddenly sounding wounded. “Seeing him… walking 
beside him but not being able to speak— it’s unbearable. No. I don’t want to relive that 
again.” 
Sirius’s anger melted instantly. “Oh, mate. How was I supposed to know?” 
Out on the terrace, despite the cold, Remus was pretending to listen to Martina’s 
passionate explanation of Italian landscape plans. But his attention was inside. The 
Muffliato charm on the glass door might have been perfect for ordinary ears— but for a 
werewolf, it was nothing more than a faint buzzing. 
James’s broken voice— “Seeing him, walking beside him but not being able to speak… I 
don’t want to live through that again,” —stabbed straight into Remus’s chest like a 
knife. 
When Remus stepped inside, the atmosphere was heavy. Sirius’s fury had burned out, 
replaced by that familiar, protective brotherliness. James was slumped at the kitchen 
table, head in his hands. Sirius had a hand on his shoulder, guilt written all over his 
face. 
“How angry was Lily in the letter?” Remus asked, pretending he was hearing about it for 
the first time. He pulled out a chair. 
As Sirius recounted the contents of the letter, the tension eased. Lily hadn’t been 
cruel— she had simply reminded them, once again, of the dangers. 
Remus returned to his home in England before sunset. Dora hadn't arrived yet; the 
Auror Office was working more overtime than usual, and she often stayed late. 
Sometimes, in emergencies, she would head to work even on her days off, reluctantly 
pulling herself away from Remus’s arms (while Remus couldn't stop kissing her 
goodbye). Lately, Dora would fall asleep the moment she leaned her head against 
Remus after dinner. Remus, unable to bring himself to wake her, would simply carry her 
to bed. 
If a Seer had approached him this time last year and said, “You’re afraid of this 
relationship now, you’re pushing her away, but…” Remus would’ve questioned what 
sort of alcohol the Seer had consumed. 
Another old fear had been Andromeda and Ted— he knew how protective they were of 
Dora— but they had simply said, “What matters is Dora’s happiness.” They even invited 
Remus over frequently. According to Sirius, the Tonkses had practically adopted him, 
and Remus could only be grateful with all his heart. 
While waiting for his girlfriend in the warm but quiet Muggle flat, Remus changed into 
comfortable clothes. His eyes drifted to the bed they had bought at New Year’s, and a 
few memories made his ears burn. He had adjusted quickly to this new rhythm of their 
relationship— to Dora practically living with him— and now his only worry was the 
small, nagging fear of what if it doesn’t work out? For the wolf— (and for Remus, if he 
was honest)— Dora was the only woman. There would be no one after her. 
When Remus had tried to explain this, Dora had burst into laughter, eyes sparkling as 
she said, “Oh no, you’re not getting rid of me, love.” Then they had kissed… and Remus 
had no desire to escape anyway. Life without Dora was unthinkable now. 
A question tugged at him: Were they supposed to get married now? The wolf inside him 
howled a resounding YES, while Remus remained quiet. In another life, perhaps he 
would have longed to start a family. But even in this world, he sometimes dared to 
imagine a “family” of his own. 
"I’m home, love!" came Dora’s happy voice. Remus had just turned his head when Dora 
came running to him, jumping like a mischievous girl, and Remus caught her in his 
arms. Dora immediately wrapped her legs around his hips, and they kissed 
breathlessly. In their home, there was usually no "set time" for intimacy; Dora lived her 
love very spontaneously.  
She reluctantly let go, her feet touching the floor, then suddenly grabbed his shirt. “Oh 
Merlin, I’m going to faint from hunger.” She giggled. Even if she was joking, Remus 
immediately steadied her. 
He plated the reheated chicken. “We can’t have that,” he said, voice serious but 
smiling. Both their cheeks were flushed. 
Dora turned to the food. “What spice did you put in this?” Her nose wrinkled. 
“Just the usual recipe,” Remus said. He sniffed it too— it was definitely normal chicken. 
They began eating together, Remus talking about his friends, Dora about work. 
“My love, I’m so sorry, I can’t eat any more,” Dora said, gently pushing her plate away. 
At least she’d managed a few bites. While Remus washed the dishes, he threw out the 
rest of the chicken. Dora suddenly looked miserable. Thinking it was about the food, 
Remus went to her and wrapped his arms around her slender frame. 
“How can I make you feel better?” He kissed the tip of her nose. 
“Can we watch a film?” Dora asked suddenly. Remus nodded, and they picked one at 
random before turning on the television. Curled up together on the same sofa, the wolf 
inside him tensed. Dora was tense too. 
“What’s wrong?” Remus slid his fingers into her purple hair, stroking gently. 
Dora didn’t look comfortable. She turned toward him. “I think I’m going to be sick.” They 
both jumped to their feet—Remus right behind her—but she didn’t make it to the 
bathroom in time. She emptied everything she’d eaten that day onto the corridor floor. 
Remus cleaned the mess with a flick of his wand and knelt in front of Dora, who was 
now sitting on the floor. 
“Are you alright, sweetheart?” Dora shook her head. Remus scooped her up and carried 
her to bed. She drank some warm water and lay back down. 
“How about some chamomile tea?” When Dora didn’t protest, Remus prepared it and 
brought it to her— but she had already fallen asleep. 
He pulled the blanket over her and lay down beside her. It was nothing serious, he told 
himself. Just a bit of vomiting. She’d be fine in the morning. Remus forced himself to 
relax.
-----
Dora did not wake up feeling fine. In the dim, pre‑dawn light, her stomach lurched 
violently, and she barely made it to the bathroom before she was sick again. She clung 
to the cool porcelain, breathless— and then felt warm hands on her forehead. 
Remus had woken and come straight to her. He knelt and wrapped his arms around her. 
“Good morning, love.” Dora laughed at the absurdity of it. With Remus’s help, she 
stood and brushed her teeth, though she still refused to let him kiss her. Breakfast was 
out of the question; she crawled back into bed. 
“I’m definitely not going to work today. I wish I had the energy to do something other 
than lie here like a lump.” 
Remus chuckled. “Just get better,” he said, then winked. “If you don’t want to sleep, I 
won’t let you.” 
“Remus! That’s far more inappropriate than your usual standards.” 
“I learned from my girlfriend.” They both laughed. 
Remus’s smile lingered as his hand stayed in her hair. The joke had ended, but he 
hadn’t moved his hand. “You were unwell yesterday too,” he said softly. “If this keeps 
up, should we see a Healer?” 
“I don’t know. Maybe.” She fell silent. Remus stayed with her a while longer, watching 
Dora drift off to sleep. Afraid of waking her, he didn’t pull her close or kiss her; instead, 
he simply breathed in the scent of her hair, drawing the aroma of jasmine deep into his 
lungs. 
Then he got out of bed and began preparing breakfast for himself. Green flames erupted 
from the fireplace, and Remus looked on in surprise as Andromeda appeared in the 
living room, clutching a bag. 
“Ah, Remus, I was hoping you’d be home,” she said. Remus took the bag: 
pomegranates! He looked at Andromeda in confusion. 
“A gift from a friend. For Merlin’s sake, we have three more bags at home. I decided to 
start handing them out to everyone immediately. Dora went to work, didn’t she?” 
Remus smiled sadly. “No, she’s lying down inside. She got very sick—she threw up.” 
Andromeda looked at Remus with sudden concern. “How did it happen?” As Remus 
explained everything starting from the chicken, they walked into the bedroom. Dora was 
still sleeping; her mother sat beside her and gently woke her. Andromeda was skilled in 
healing spells; perhaps she could suggest something and make Dora better. 
“Dora, darling, what’s wrong? Is your head spinning?” Her voice was authoritative yet 
laced with worry as she placed her hand on Dora’s forehead. Dora blinked her eyes 
open at her mother’s cool touch. 
“Mum?” Her voice was sleepy and thin. “What are you doing here?” 
“Lucky for you both that I came,” Andromeda said, brushing her daughter’s sweaty hair 
back. Then, with that famous Black family gravity, she turned to Remus. “Are you 
alright? I assume the chicken didn’t affect you.” 
“No, I finished my plate,” Remus said immediately, feeling a surge of guilt. “No, I’m 
perfectly fine. I mean, perhaps the wolf metabolism is more resilient, but...” 
Andromeda paused. Her gaze drifted slowly from Remus to Dora, and then to Dora’s 
stomach beneath the duvet. She placed a hand over her daughter’s belly, on top of the 
covers. 
Dora shifted restlessly. “Mum, I'm nauseous, don't press there.” 
Andromeda drew her wand. Remus stepped forward, his heart beginning to pound with 
fear. “Andromeda? Is it something serious? A curse?” Dora let out a sudden hiccup. 
Andromeda waved her wand over Dora’s stomach in a complex movement and 
whispered: “Revelio Vitalis.” 
A soft, small orb of light—a blend of pearl white and golden yellow—rose from the tip of 
the wand. The light didn't fade in the air; it took the shape of a small, translucent sphere 
before finally extinguishing. The silence in the room competed with the ringing in 
Remus’s ears. Andromeda lowered her wand. She turned slowly toward Remus. 
“It’s not the chicken, Remus,” Andromeda said, her voice barely a whisper. “It’s not the 
chicken upsetting her stomach.” 
Dora watched them both in silence. “What?” Dora said, trying to sit up. “Was I 
poisoned?” 
Remus’s mind was a complete blank; he didn’t know what to think, but in the 
background, his wolf side was howling louder than ever before in his life, shouting, “I 
told you so!” 
“Is this...” Remus swallowed hard. His throat was parched. “Is this that spell? Is it what 
I think it is?” Andromeda nodded, a single tear tracing a path down her cheek. 
“Congratulations,” she said, her voice wavering. “I’m going to be a grandmother.” 
Dora’s eyes flew wide open. Her sleepiness vanished instantly, replaced by shock and 
then a slowly spreading realization. Her hands moved instinctively to her stomach, 
joining her mother’s hand. “I’m pregnant?” she whispered. Her voice trembled, not with 
fear, but with the sheer wonder of the miracle. Her gaze snapped to Remus. 
Remus, however, remained frozen where he stood. It felt as though all the air had 
suddenly been sucked out of the room. “A cub! Ours! The pack is growing!” the beast 
within him roared. 
His knees gave way. Remus sank onto the rug right beside the bed, his face as pale as 
chalk. 
“Andromeda...” Remus said, his voice muffled as if he were speaking from underwater. 
He turned his eyes toward Dora, and they were filled with pure terror. Dora noticed; she 
sat up and took Remus’s ice-cold hands in hers. Remus didn't know how he found the 
strength to get off the floor and sit on the bed. He kissed Dora’s hands that were holding 
his own. He was on the verge of tears. 
“But I...” Remus’s voice broke. He turned his gaze to Andromeda, expecting that 
judgmental look characteristic of the Black family, but all he saw was compassion. 
“Andromeda, what if the child is like me? What if...?” It was Remus’s ultimate 
nightmare. 
“Then,” Andromeda said in a firm, non-negotiable tone, “we will help them through their 
transformations. We will brew the finest potions for them. And we will love them just as 
much as any other child—perhaps even more, Remus Lupin.” 
Meanwhile, Dora took him by the chin and turned his head, looking deep into his eyes. 
“You are not a monster, Remus. For some reason, you find it hard to believe, but you are 
a part of this family.” Her eyes were brimming with tears, yet she was smirking. 
Remus finally exhaled, letting go of the breath he'd been holding. 
“And no matter what, my grandchild will be a Black and a Lupin. Which means they will 
be stubborn, talented, and loved,” Andromeda added, placing a hand on Dora’s 
shoulder. 
Remus didn't try to stop or wipe away the tears streaming down his face. Dora wrapped 
her arms around his neck. “Do you hear that?” she whispered into his ear. “There’s no 
escape. You’re going to be a father.” 
Remus wrapped his trembling arms around Dora and rested his head against her chest. 
“I’m going to be a father,” he repeated, like someone waking from a dream. 
----------------------------------------  
March 1992 
“And then I told him, ‘Kingsley, you’re such an ass— is that how you treat a lady?’ And 
guess what he said? ‘That woman was no lady. If you’d heard the curses she used… she 
could’ve competed with Portuguese pirates.’” 
Dora burst into laughter as she told the story. Remus was cooking the fish while she 
worked on the salad. “Anyway, Kingsley did not find the love of his life in Lisbon.” 
Remus chuckled. Dora paused with the vinegar bottle in her hand. “Remus, can you 
add the vinegar? I always overdo it.”  
Remus turned around, took the bottle from his girlfriend, kissed her cheek, and added 
just the right amount. “There we go.” It was Dora’s turn to kiss him, but when Remus 
turned his head, their lips met instead.  
They pulled apart just in time so the fish wouldn't stick to the pan. 
"What else did Kingsley do in Portugal? Any restaurants or museums he recommends?" 
Remus asked as he placed the plates of fish on the table; Dora had already sat down. 
"Apparently, there's a sex museum. Oh, don't look at me like that," Dora laughed. "It's 
just a museum exhibiting contemporary erotic art and historical sex objects." 
“I wouldn’t know, love. But please don’t censor yourself. I adore that side of you.” 
"What else do you adore?" 
"Finish your food, and I'll tell you." 
For the last few days, Dora had been managing to keep certain foods down, including 
fish, which was why Remus wanted to prepare protein-heavy meals. After finishing their 
meal and clearing away the dishes, Dora threw herself onto the couch in the living 
room, using a Summoning Charm to grab the book she'd been reading for a while. 
Remus sank down next to her, wrapping his arms around her, his head resting on her 
chest. 
“Did the food sit heavy, love?” Dora asked with a smile. Remus, however, had simply 
missed his lover. He made a soft "Mhmm" sound and closed his eyes: he wouldn't trade 
this peace for the world. As Dora read her book, it started to rain, the drops tapping 
against the window. Remus opened his eyes and glanced at the book: My Sweet Orange 
Tree. 
“Is it good? The book?” 
“My favorite. Might be my tenth reread.” 
“When you’re done, I want to read it too.” Remus occasionally cared about Muggle 
authors, but Dora was deeply invested in world literature. He studied the illustration on 
the cover for a moment, then closed his eyes again. 
Suddenly, his wolf senses stirred, and Remus pricked up his ears. It sounded like 
something thumping, but it was irregular. He focused harder, trying to distinguish it. 
"Remus?" Dora whispered. Remus opened his eyes; Dora planted a kiss on his hair. 
Without realizing it, he had slipped his hands inside Dora's sweater. He tried to pull 
them back, but Dora stopped him. 
"I think I heard something," Remus murmured. Her skin was warm, and Remus realized 
his hands were a bit cold. 
“What kind of sound? Did you hear it from the baby?” Dora giggled. “Don’t tell me it said 
its first word.”  
Remus chuckled too. “Oh, I wish. No… something else.” This time he listened with full 
focus. He had been mistaken—yet also not mistaken. There was no irregularity. 
“Dora… do twins run in your family?” 
Dora slowly lowered the book into her lap. Her purple hair shifted into a faint lilac of 
surprise. “Twins? In the Black family?” 
She paused for a brief moment, scanning the massive family tree in her mind. "There 
are no twins on my mum's side... Sirius and Regulus aren't either. But on my dad's 
side... I'm not sure, we'll have to ask. Remus, why do you ask? Don't tell me..." 
Remus didn’t answer. He slid his hand a little higher on her stomach, to the right and 
left of the midline. A wolf’s senses never lied.  
What he had thought was an irregular rhythm was actually two separate heartbeats 
layered over each other— two tiny, impossibly fast signs of life, beating with millimetric 
difference. 
“Dora…” Remus’s voice trembled. “I’m hearing not one. Two. One is a little deeper, the 
other is right under my hand. Two different pulses.” 
Dora’s breath caught. “Twins? Two babies? Remus, we were still trying to figure out how 
we’d handle one… and now two? Merlin…” She laughed—without panic—then pointed 
at the book in her lap. “So, in a few years I’ll be reading My Sweet Orange Tree to two of 
them at once?” 
----------------------------------------  
Lily had just left the classroom where she’d been preparing the fifth‑years for their 
end‑of‑year exams when two figures—no, three—came storming down the stairs like a 
hurricane. Fred, George, and Percy. 
“Professor Snape!” all three shouted at once. 
“What happened, boys?” Lily asked, her heartbeat suddenly quickening. 
“Harry got into a fight with the third‑year Slytherins!” 
“He landed a brilliant punch, you should’ve seen it, Li— I mean, Professor Snape.” 
“I thought it appropriate that you be the one to deduct points,” Percy added primly. 
Lily sighed. “Where did this happen?” 
Half an hour later, Lily was in Vespera’s office. Vespera was wearing a midnight‑blue 
robe, looking more put‑together than usual. 
“I’m late to my date because your son caused trouble. But thankfully, there’s no need 
to inflate men’s egos. Let him wait.” She pursed her lips and looked at Harry and the 
two disheveled students beside him. “For getting involved in a fight, five points from 
each of you. And for choosing fists over manners, Potter, another five from you.” 
“Professor, these two vultures insulted Draco.” 
"And where was Mr. Malfoy during all of this? It is not your place to defend him, Potter. 
Especially not with brute force." 
"But they... they called him a mudblood." Both Slytherins lowered their heads. 
Professor Ferrett's eyes narrowed with fierce determination. 
"Stupid brats! Do you not know that for centuries the Malfoy family has produced 
purebloods in houses other than Slytherin? Lucius's father was a Ravenclaw; I'm sure 
you never even bothered to research it." 
She deducted five points from each of the Slytherins as well. Gryffindor had lost 10 
points, Slytherin 20. It was clear Vespera was more disappointed in their irresponsibility 
than the lost points. 
“Now I can finally go to my date. Oh Lily, wish me luck.” She winked, stepped into the 
fireplace, and vanished in a swirl of green flames. 
----------------------------------------  
Lily had agreed to have dinner with Severus; such evenings felt like a 'date' for both of 
them. 
At exactly 6:57 p.m., she stepped into the fireplace in her office and, within seconds, 
emerged in the living room of their home. 
“I’m home!” she called out, but no one answered. Brushing soot off her robes, she 
walked into the kitchen—everyone was there. 
“Louie is a terrible sous‑chef,” Severus muttered as he inspected the not‑yet‑cooked 
lasagna. Dinner was clearly not ready. 
“No, I’m not, Dad.” 
“You handed me baking powder instead of salt.” 
“You didn’t have to add it!” Louie’s defense was surprisingly solid. Severus rolled his 
eyes. Lily sided with Louie on this one and burst into laughter. 
“How was I supposed to be sure with Iris in my arms?” Severus played his final card. 
True enough, Iris had refused to get off his lap. 
"I don't know, Sev, sounds like you just want to make excuses." Lily's shoulders were 
shaking with laughter. 
"Anyway, once I realized my mistake, I started over." Severus looked a bit sheepish. Lily 
walked over and kissed him on the lips. "I was just teasing you. Even just you preparing 
this meal is wonderful for me." Then they kissed again. 
“Oh no, my eyes— I’m blind,” Louie groaned dramatically, covering his face. 
Ten minutes later, the four of them were seated at the dinner table. When Lily told 
Severus about the fight Harry had gotten into, his expression darkened. 
“Ferrett was being ‘fair’ again. I would’ve deducted fifty points from each student.” 
"No," Lily said, giggling. "That's too cruel, my love." 
“It’s what they deserve,” Severus replied. “Shall I send Harry a Howler?” he added 
jokingly. 
Lily only said, “He’s very protective of his friends.” 
“How are you?” Severus asked. Lily began recounting the small, funny mishaps that 
had happened during her classes, and the four of them laughed together. 
After dinner, Iris—eager as always to sleep—was put to bed, this time by Lily. 
“I saw someone in my dream,” Iris said with a yawn. 
“Hmm? Who did you see?” Lily asked eagerly. The little girl’s eyes were already closing. 
“Sage.”  
Lily blinked. “Who’s Sage?” Iris mumbled something else but fell asleep before Lily 
could catch it. 
She met Severus in the kitchen. “Sev, who’s ‘Sage’?” “Her imaginary friend.”  
Lily giggled. Severus continued, “At least that’s what I assume. She looks nothing like 
Harry or Louie, Lily.” 
While Louie played the piano in the living room (he no longer gave anyone a headache), 
Lily and Severus were dissecting the infamous fight. 
“It wasn’t Harry’s fault. If someone called Draco a ‘Mudblood,’ I’d have wanted to 
punch them too.” Lily laughed. “But only if I were a kid. Vespera was right to deduct 
points, but once that James‑Sirius streak in Harry flares up, stopping him is 
impossible.” 
“I don’t like that streak,” Severus muttered. “By the way, what are those two up to?” 
“They’re coming to England for Easter in April,” Lily said. There was tension in her voice. 
“I—I don’t want James to keep seeing Harry. But isn’t it his right, Sev?” 
“It is. But Harry is still a sensitive child,” Severus replied. “And after years away from us, 
it’s normal for students’ habits and personalities to shift. But the core stays the same. I 
trust Harry.” 
“Because of his core?” 
“He jumps into fights, he’s fiercely protective of his friends… Harry acts impulsively, but 
he isn’t truly impulsive. He’ll grow out of it.” 
“I worry we traumatized him while trying to protect him,” Lily whispered. 
“Not trauma. Like I said—sensitive. But he’ll get through it.” 
“Do you think he’ll accept James?” Severus had no answer. 
----------------------------------------  
The next day, Lily didn't have any morning classes, so she slept at home that night. She 
woke up to Severus kissing her hair. "Good morning, Professor Snape. An owl arrived for 
you, my love." 
"From whom?" Lily asked, yawning. She couldn't believe it when she saw the time; it 
was almost 9 o'clock. 
"Remus. I haven't read it." 
"Read it, then." As Lily quickly got dressed, the children's laughter drifted up from 
downstairs. 
"Oh, God. Oh, no. Lily, pinch me, will you?" 
"What?" Lily asked in surprise as she pulled on her shirt. She leaned in to read the letter, 
but Severus spilled the beans. "Twin Lupin babies. In the autumn." 
"Are you serious? Sev, that's wonderful news!" 
"Yes, his joy is quite evident from the language he used. Lily, I said twins. Wolf-twins." 
Lily rolled her eyes and took the letter from her husband. "If anyone deserves this, it's 
Remus." Her heart filled with excitement as she turned to Severus. "They're going to ask 
you to be the godfather." 
"Not in a million years." 
Lily burst out laughing. "I think it would be lovely. I can't think of a better candidate than 
you." 
"There is Black." 
"His hands are too full with Harry." Lily giggled. "I'm already excited. I wonder if they'll 
both inherit their mother's genes?" 
Severus rolled his eyes. 
April 1992 
The Evans‑Snape home in Hogsmeade looked like a tiny Italian carnival that Easter 
holiday. Severus assigned the guests to the spare room on the ground floor and to 
Harry’s room upstairs. (James Potter did not surprise him—he had chosen his son’s 
room.) Severus understood the man’s quiet heartbreak.  
Harry had shocked even his own family by writing that he wanted to spend the holiday 
at the Burrow, and Lily had looked at Severus with a strange expression. “I mean… if we 
say ‘Harry, no, you’re spending the holiday with us,’ he’ll get suspicious, and during the 
‘meeting’ we planned, he might react aggressively. What do you suggest, Sev?” 
The answer was non‑negotiable: Harry went to the Weasleys. James Potter, meanwhile, 
was walking around like a living disappointment. 
“Don’t worry, Prongs,” Sirius grinned. “Harry’s just having fun with his friends.” 
Martina, on the other hand, was seeing a magically‑shaped house for the first time. She 
examined every corner, every detail. Lily realized she never got tired of explaining the 
little magical touches. “Now you tell me—are we getting that cancer vaccine or not?” 
Martina scrunched her face. “I wish. But…” She launched into a long explanation about 
approval processes and procedures. 
"Believe me, having James come to us actually worked out for me. I have a habit of 
revising my study notes out loud. Sirius gets overwhelmed and escapes to the terrace, 
but James just sits and listens to me. Even though he doesn't understand a word I'm 
saying." 
They shared a laugh. "Do you mean the Muggle medical terms, or the language barrier?" 
“God, both?” Martina burst into laughter. Then she began talking about her family. 
“My three brothers and my parents are in Sicily, and they feel sorry for me because they 
think I’m alone in Rome. As if anyone could get bored with Sirius around. And now 
James…” She shrugged. “How’s your relationship with your sister?” 
Petunia had been keeping in touch with Lily more often lately. 
“She’s good… happy with her life. We’ve been getting along really well for a long time 
now.” Then she turned to Martina with a nervous grin. “She invited me to a spa next 
week. But I don’t know what a spa is?” 
As Martina explained it to her, Severus and James came downstairs. Just then, Louie 
approached Severus with questioning eyes. "I need to tell you something in private, 
Dad." 
If Severus was surprised, he didn’t show it. They stepped into the kitchen. 
“Dad, I heard you call that man James Potter.” 
Ah. They would have to explain things to the younger children too, not just Harry. 
Severus gestured for him to sit at the table. 
“Louie, you’re still very young, but I’m going to be honest with you.” 
Louie nodded eagerly. Severus, however, was solemn. “Harry’s last name is Potter. But 
you are brothers, and nothing can change that. You understand, don’t you?” 
"Yeah, but what does that have to do with anything? That man is Harry's relative, right?" 
Severus would have liked to think this over at length, but Louie was waiting for an 
answer. 
"Yes, Louie. They come from the same bloodline, which is why they look so alike 
physically." 
No matter how mature Louie was, he wasn't quite at the age to fully grasp the definition 
of a biological father. Severus continued. "James was in an accident in the past, and we 
thought he had died. But he didn't." 
"Wow, that's so cool," Louie said. "Not for James, obviously, but still." 
"Don't ask James about this, though. It might upset him, because he hasn't seen Harry 
since he was a baby." 
"What shouldn't Louie ask James?" Sirius said, suddenly appearing in the kitchen 
doorway. 
Louie looked up and grinned. "About not being dead," he replied. Severus's face fell. 
"I agree with your dad, yeah. Prongs needs a little more time to learn how to take a 
joke." 
"Why do you call him Prongs?" Louie asked. 
Severus smirked. "Yes, Black, why Prongs?" 
----------------------------------------  
Out in the garden, a different kind of reckoning was taking place. When Martina slipped 
back inside with a laugh, leaving the two formerly‑married people alone, James and Lily 
found themselves together for the first time in nearly twelve years.  
Almost twelve… 
A light drizzle misted the air, mixing the scent of lilacs with damp earth. Lily held two 
mugs in her hands and offered one to James. 
“Hot chocolate. I added a bit of Firewhisky. You look like you need it.” 
James accepted it with a quiet thanks. 
"The last time we spoke..." James began, looking down at his mug. "The things I said... 
were harsh. Things you didn't deserve." 
"But now..." James turned his head and looked through the glass into the warm light of 
the living room. Louie was roaring with laughter at something Martina was telling him. 
As Severus walked past the others with a tray in his hands, he gently ruffled Louie's hair. 
"He kept my son alive," James said, his voice low. "Harry. You. He didn't just keep you 
alive; he became a home for you both. I can't deny that." 
Lily turned to him, her eyes soft. “Severus isn’t perfect, James. He’s a difficult man. So 
am I…” She paused. “We were worried about Harry the other day because he gets angry 
so quickly, but I have the same problem.”  
She glanced at her mug and smiled. “Merlin, the two of us will need therapy this 
summer. What I’m trying to say is—Severus loves Harry. And he loves me. We’re… 
we’re good.” 
“I can see that,” James said with a pained smile. “And it hurts, Lily. Seeing you happy… 
and not being the reason for it.” 
“You are the reason,” Lily said gently. “Harry exists because of you. That makes you 
part of my happiness.” She reached out and touched James’s arm lightly. It was the first 
physical contact between them in years. 
"It will pass with time, James. When Harry is ready to meet you, everything will be 
different. You are his father. Neither Severus nor I can change that truth." 
A loud crash came from inside; apparently, Sirius had knocked something over. "They're 
going to bring the house down," Lily said, smirking. As she was about to go back inside, 
she called out to James.  
"Aren't you coming? Don't catch a cold." 
"You go ahead," James said, raising his mug. "I'm going to enjoy the rain a little longer." 
----------------------------------------  
That evening, Lily received a letter from Harry. He wrote that everything was fine, he’d 
finished a few assignments, and they’d spent the afternoon chasing gnomes in the 
garden. Lily handed the letter to James as a keepsake. James read it over and over, as if 
touching something precious. Harry had written this—Harry, who still hadn’t spoken to 
him, but whose voice was unmistakable in every line. 
On the day of the return to Hogwarts, Harry was about to board the Hogwarts Express 
when he ran into Hermione and Draco. Draco looked paler than usual. 
“I’ll explain later,” he said, and nothing more, before heading off to greet the students 
from his own house. 
Harry had come to the station with Sirius. (He had no idea that James had Apparated to 
the station with a Disillusionment Charm and was watching him from a distance 
without moving.) 
“Draco’s not okay,” Harry said, turning to Sirius. 
Sirius, however, had another suggestion. “Why don’t you talk to Professor Flitwick? 
Draco’s Head of House is him. If your mum or the other teachers can’t help…” 
That’s not the point, Harry thought, but he didn’t say anything. He hugged Sirius and 
turned to follow Ron onto the train— 
He thought he saw a flicker of light. He froze and looked back at the train. Then at Sirius. 
“What? Want me to help you carry your trunk?” Sirius laughed. “I can, but the older 
Gryffindors will call you a baby for the rest of your school years, Harry. Just saying.” 
Harry flushed as a few sixth‑year Gryffindors snickered. “I can carry it myself, thanks.” 
They said their goodbyes. Sirius Disapparated outside the station, and two seconds 
later James appeared beside him. 
“Merlin’s beard, you were this close to being seen!” Sirius snapped. James looked 
devastated.  
“What happened? What’s wrong, Prongs?” 
James’s lips trembled. “Oh, Sirius… I don’t want to do this again. Absolutely not. Being 
near him and not being able to speak to him— it’s unbearable.” 
----------------------------------------  
The first Potions class after the Easter holiday had ended, but Harry wasn’t moving. His 
eyes were fixed on Draco, who sat in the very back row.  
Draco had been strange ever since returning from the break. He didn’t speak unless 
spoken to, and he no longer spent time with Harry. It wasn’t just that he was quiet—his 
movements were stiff, mechanical. He wrapped his robes tightly around his shoulders 
and didn’t let anyone come within half a meter of him. 
“Draco,” Harry called as he reached for his bag. “We’re heading down for lunch. You 
coming?” 
Draco flinched. The glass vial in his hand slipped through his fingers and shattered on 
the floor. 
“Damn it,” Draco whispered. He bent down to pick up the pieces, but the moment he 
tried to bend his waist, a muffled, pained sound escaped his lips. His face went 
chalk‑white, his breath hitched, and he had to grab the desk to stay upright. 
Harry rushed to his side immediately. "Draco? Are you okay?" 
Harry reached out to place a hand on his friend's shoulder.  
"DON'T TOUCH ME!"  
Draco's scream was so high-pitched and full of terror that Lily, who was about to walk 
out the classroom door, spun on her heels instantly. Draco stumbled backward to 
escape Harry's hand but lost his balance and slammed his back against the wall. That 
impact was the breaking point for him. His eyes rolled back, and he collapsed onto his 
knees right where he stood. 
"Potter, step back," Lily said, in her full professor persona. There was an urgent tone in 
her voice. She quickly closed the distance between them. "Malfoy? Look at me." 
Draco was trembling. Beads of cold sweat had gathered on his forehead. "I'm fine, 
Professor... Just... nauseous. I can go to the hospital wing." 
Lily didn’t need to be a Legilimens like Severus to know he was lying. 
“I’m going to help you stand,” she said gently, extending her hand. 
"We can go to the hospital wing together." 
Draco shook his head, his eyes filling with tears. "Please... Please don't. If my father 
hears..." Lily paused. If my father hears. A child terrified of going to a school infirmary. 
“Harry, go get Professor Flitwick. Now,” she said, without taking her eyes off Draco. 
Harry bolted out of the room. As he left, Lily flicked her wand—locking the door and 
drawing the curtains shut. Then she knelt beside Draco. 
“Draco, take off your robes.” 
“No.” 
“This isn’t a request. I need to see where you’re bleeding. There’s blood seeping 
through the back of your robes.” 
Draco’s resistance shattered. He broke into sobs. 
Lily gently pulled back Draco’s robes and shirt. The sight before her could have made 
her stomach turn. 
Draco’s pale skin, from his neck down to his waist, was covered in streaks of purple, 
black, and red. Some areas had scabbed over; others had reopened from the fall 
moments ago. These were not the marks of a simple accident. They looked like 
systematic blows from something hard—like a cane with a carved handle. 
"Because I'm a Ravenclaw..." Draco whispered, burying his face in his hands. His sobs 
racked his entire body. "Because I talk to blood traitors... Because I'm friends with 
Harry... He tried to fix me. He tried to correct me, Professor." 
The door burst open and Professor Filius Flitwick rushed inside, breathless. 
“Ah, Lily, Harry said—” His eyes landed on Draco’s back. The words died in his throat. 
His hand flew to his mouth as he hurried to Draco’s other side. Draco shrank away in 
shame when he saw Flitwick, but the professor wouldn’t allow it. 
"Lucius..." Lily said, her voice like a hiss. She was holding the shirt so it wouldn't touch 
Draco's wounds. As a mother, seeing this brutality had shattered her heart. "Lucius 
Malfoy did this to him." 
“Draco…” Flitwick whispered. “How could he do this to you? You’re just a child.” 
“I’m a Malfoy,” Draco said, mimicking his father’s tone, though his voice was breaking. 
“Malfoys don’t make mistakes. Malfoys don’t befriend the enemy. I… I’m defective, 
Professor. That’s what he said. He had to set me straight.” 
Lily stood up and helped Draco to his feet. 
“No one is going to ‘set you straight,’” Flitwick said firmly. “And you are never going 
back to that house. Merlin’s sake. I’ll speak to Dumbledore. If I must, I’ll take this to the 
Ministry. This will not happen in my House.” 
“You can’t!” Draco panicked, clutching Lily’s sleeve. “He’ll kill me! He’ll punish my 
mother! He’s a Death Eater, he—” 
Lily stroked Draco’s damp hair and began whispering healing charms. “Shhh, it’s over. 
You’re here. You’re with us. No one can hurt you.” 
As Draco cried into Lily’s shoulder, the “noble, untouchable” mask he always wore 
finally crumbled. What remained was simply a child— a child who wanted nothing more 
than to be accepted and loved as he was. 
----------------------------------------  
June 2nd, 1992 — 5:00 PM 
There was a little over a week left until exams, and the air carried a warm early‑summer 
breeze. Hermione insisted they should study in the library, but Ron and Draco had 
managed to convince her to come outside. Harry had just returned from Quidditch 
practice—dusty, a bit chilled—but he joined them anyway. 
While Ron and Hermione discussed the upcoming Herbology exam, Harry and Draco, 
dressed in comfortable clothes, were trying to enjoy the afternoon sun by the lake.  
Draco was telling Harry about the ancient folk who lived in the depths of the lake. 
“I read about them in the library,” Draco said. He didn’t look like it, but Draco was 
actually quite studious. The Sorting Hat had made the right call… After what had 
happened post‑Easter, Draco had spent two days in the infirmary and recovered 
quickly. A letter from his mother stated that it was safe for Draco to come home for the 
summer, as his father had disappeared once again. Draco had visibly relaxed upon 
receiving this letter. 
Then, all four of them started talking about a common topic: next week's Gryffindor
Ravenclaw Quidditch match. "I'll be supporting my own House, of course," Draco said, 
a wide grin on his face. 
Right at that moment, there was a strange movement at the edge of the Forbidden 
Forest, emerging from the shadows of the trees. The hairs on the back of Harry's neck 
stood up, just like when he sensed that "invisible presence," but this time the feeling 
wasn't familiar, warm, and protective. It was an icy and threatening sensation. 
Harry stood abruptly. “Did you hear that?” The other three had heard it too. Branches 
snapping. Leaves crunching under footsteps. 
And then they all saw him. A stranger. His face was shadowed, but Harry could make 
out the twisted grin, the glinting eyes. The man was looking directly at them— no, 
directly at Harry. It should have been impossible for anyone to enter Hogwarts grounds 
so easily. There were protective enchantments everywhere.  
But this man had slipped through them as if through a mouse hole. 
“Potter!” Draco shouted, his voice echoing across the lake. “Run! That man—” 
Pettigrew. 
Harry knew him instantly. Draco didn’t even finish his sentence before the man raised 
his wand. His target wasn’t Harry. It was Draco and Ron standing right beside him. 
“Expelliarmus!” 
Both boys were thrown backward as if shoved by an invisible force. Ron hit a tree and 
collapsed, unconscious. Hermione screamed and reached for her wand— but the man 
was faster. 
“Stupefy!” 
Hermione collapsed instantly. Harry was alone. He raised his wand, but Peter only 
laughed and began walking toward him. 
“Hello, Harry,” Peter said, his voice scratchy and thin. “You’ve grown since the last time 
I saw you.” 
Harry tried to cast a spell, but Peter flicked his wand and Harry’s wand flew from his 
hand, arcing into the lake. Peter lunged, grabbing Harry’s wrist with a filthy, clammy 
hand. 
“Let go of me!” Harry kicked wildly, even tried to bite Peter’s hand. 
“Behave!” Peter hissed, blowing a stunning charm directly into Harry’s face. Harry’s 
world blurred; his legs went numb. -18:00- 
Harry woke not to the throbbing in his scar, but to the pain of a wet, grimy hand clamped 
around his wrist. His feet were off the ground; he was being dragged. 
"Let me go!" Harry shouted, trying to reach for his wand. But his wand had long been 
taken from him. The man dragging him stopped and tossed Harry to the ground like a 
sack of potatoes. He hit the dusty, rot-covered wooden floor of the Shrieking Shack 
hard. When he lifted his head, the person he saw before him looked as if he had 
stepped straight out of his nightmares. 
Peter Pettigrew.  
There was no trace of that pale, plump man from the newspapers. He was emaciated, 
his eyes gleaming with madness, his teeth elongated like a rat's, looking utterly 
haggard. 
"I will let you go, Harry... don't worry," Peter said, his voice high-pitched and squeaky. 
He was pacing back and forth in front of Harry.  
Harry’s head spun; blood from a deep cut on his leg soaked through his trousers. 
Peter’s gaze slid to Harry’s leg, a strange, sickly affection appearing on his face. "Calm 
down, Harry, I'm not going to hurt you. Actually, would you believe it, after I... killed you 
at the pool last summer, I was completely devastated. Would I want to be a murderer? 
Would I want to harm James's son?"  
He leaned in, extending his hand. "It's not a deep cut. I can fix it—" 
Harry shoved his hand away fiercely. "DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH ME! You already are a 
murderer!! I know everything! You were the Secret Keeper! You were the one who told 
Voldemort where our house was!! We could have died that night." 
"But you didn't die!!" Peter suddenly cheered up, spreading his arms wide. "Harry, you 
are the son of my closest friend. I used to love you."  
Then his gaze turned serious, his eyes distant. "But the other side required great 
sacrifices. You couldn't understand. I hope you never have to choose between what is 
easy and what is right in life." 
“I despise you,” Harry hissed through clenched teeth. The “wise uncle” mask on Peter’s 
face shattered. His hand clamped around Harry’s arm so tightly it hurt, his voice turning 
into a rasp. 
“I despise myself too. But after tonight… all this humiliation will end. I will be 
rewarded.” 
Harry growled. “What’s going on in that rat brain of yours now?” 
Peter ignored the insult. His eyes gleamed as he stood and began pacing, the wooden 
floorboards creaking under his feet. 
“Who do you think will come to save you tonight, Harry? Why do you think I went 
through all this trouble? Yes, yes, you understand… Severus Snape is going to die 
tonight.” 
Peter snickered, as if he'd made a very funny joke. "That greasy-haired traitor! I will use 
you as bait to make him stick his nose in here, and then... Avada Kedavra!" 
He stopped suddenly and leaned in, bringing his face close to Harry's. His breath 
smelled of rotten cheese.  
"You don't just look like James, you think like him, you act like him, Harry. He used to 
love breaking the rules at night with his Invisibility Cloak, too. He always loved playing 
the hero." 
"Don't you dare speak his name!" Harry was trembling with anger, his eyes welling up. 
"You were never his friend! You sold him out!" 
“I had no choice!” Peter shrieked, the manic cheer gone, eyes filling with tears. “The 
Dark Lord was too powerful! What was I supposed to do, Harry? Fight him? I would’ve 
died! I just wanted to live!” 
At that moment, the door on the lower floor of the Shack burst open with a violent 
crash, nearly ripped from its hinges. Peter flinched, fear and excitement twisting 
together. He pointed his wand at the stairs. 
“He’s here!” he said, trembling with anticipation. “Snape is here! Finally!” 
He aimed his wand at the doorway, lips trembling with the first syllables of the killing 
curse. “AVAD—” But the word caught in his throat.  
His wand hovered in the air, his hand beginning to shake uncontrollably. 
The man who arrived was wearing an oversized plaid shirt, his hair windswept and wild 
with rage. His chest was heaving with rapid breaths. There was no trace of friendship or 
mercy in his hazel eyes; only a pure, dark, and icy fire of vengeance burned within them. 
Peter's face turned whiter than chalk. His breath hitched, and he made strange, choking 
noises as if an invisible hand were squeezing his throat. 
"J-J... James?" 
It wasn't a question; it was a shriek of terror. Peter stumbled backward, his feet tangling 
together, and fell hard onto his bottom. His wand slipped from his hand and rolled 
across the floor, but Peter didn't even try to retrieve it. His eyes could not tear 
themselves away from the "phantom" in the doorway. 
"You... You're dead!" Peter squeaked, his voice turning into the sound of a cornered rat. 
Harry lifted his head as he writhed in pain from his leg on the floor. His eyes were 
darkening, the world spinning around him, but he saw that figure in the doorway. 
Despite his blurred vision, he recognized that messy hair, those shoulders. He had seen 
photos of him. 
"Ah, how? James Potter?" Harry whispered. His consciousness was rapidly slipping 
away. 
Peter tried to scramble backward, crawling toward the wall. "James! My friend! Please! 
They forced me! Prongs, I'm begging you! I didn't do it! Forgive me!" James advanced on 
Peter.  
Peter was cornered.  
He walked toward this rat, who was once his friend, the way a lion stalks its prey. 
Harry's ears began to ring. His eyelids grew heavy. He felt he was about to pass out, and 
he couldn't fight it. 
----------------------------------------  
Peter screamed again when James lunged. He reached for his wand— but James moved 
with a speed no ordinary human possessed. Like a stag leaping through the forest, he 
sprang forward and stomped on Peter’s wrist. 
CRACK. 
The sickening snap echoed through the room. Peter shrieked, a high, rodent‑like 
scream. His wand flew from his hand and rolled across the floor. “James! Don’t! 
Please!” Peter whimpered, dragging himself backward with his uninjured hand.  
“We were friends! The Marauders! Remember!” 
James bent down, grabbed Peter by the collar, and hauled him up as if he weighed 
nothing. He slammed him against the rotting wall of the Shack. Dust rained from the 
ceiling. “Friends?” James said. “Friends don’t feed each other’s wives and children to 
monsters, Peter.” 
James's left hand went to Peter's throat. Struggling to breathe, Peter dug his nails into 
James's wrist, thrashing about. His eyes looked as though they would pop out of their 
sockets. 
"If you... If you kill me... You'll be a murderer..." Peter wheezed, spitting as he spoke. 
"Harry... Harry shouldn't see you like this..." 
That sentence extinguished the last flicker of humanity in James’s expression. His 
fingers tightened around Peter’s throat like an iron vise. 
"You just tried to kill my son," James whispered. "You tried to kill my wife, too. Then last 
summer, you actually killed my son. You cannot be my friend, Wormtail." A dangerous 
light flashed in his eyes. "Are you thinking about Harry now? Or do you care about me 
becoming a murderer now?" 
Peter sputtered as his windpipe closed off. 
"Erasing you from this life isn't being a murderer, Wormtail. Not in my eyes. Microbes 
can't survive in nature, Wormtail, did you know that? They die. And you are no different 
from a single-celled microbe that can't cling to a living organism." 
James gathered his hatred into his fingers with all his might, with all the rage of ten 
years. Peter's legs thrashed in the air, his boots kicking against the wall. His nails 
scratched James's face, drawing blood, but James didn't even feel it. He just squeezed. 
"I hope you find no peace, Wormtail," he whispered. 
Peter's body went slack like a puppet. His hands fell to his sides. 
When James loosened his grip, Peter's body crumpled like a heavy sack onto the dusty 
floorboards. Following the struggle of a moment ago, the Shack sank into a heavy, 
dusty, and deadly silence.  
James took a step back, feeling the tingling in his fingers. There was no sense of relief 
inside him; only that strange, empty, and cold peace brought by a finished job. Then, 
suddenly, he remembered Harry. 
He quickly turned around and dashed toward the small body on the floor. "Harry!" he 
called out, his voice echoing in the room.  
He dropped to his knees and grasped Harry by the shoulders. Harry's eyes were closed; 
his breathing was shallow but steady. The wound on his leg was still bleeding. 
James stroked Harry's hair with the very hands that had just taken a life. "Harry, wake 
up... Please wake up." 
He didn't have his wand, and apparently, neither did Harry. James pulled his son's head 
into his lap and leaned down to embrace him. "I'm here," he whispered. "I'm never going 
to leave you again... Please wake up." 
----------------------------------------  
Harry had no idea how long he’d been unconscious. Minutes, maybe hours. When he 
woke, the Shack was silent. Nothing but the wind. 
The pain in his leg had dulled. Then he realized he wasn’t alone. Someone was sitting 
beside him, holding his hands. And when Harry stirred, that person shifted—aware he 
was waking. And it wasn’t Peter. 
Harry sat up. His head was throbbing. He rubbed his eyes and looked around. In the 
corner of the room lay Peter Pettigrew. He was motionless. Dead.  
And as Harry lifted his head, right next to him, sitting on the floor with his back against 
the wall, was a man. The man's hands were trembling, but there was a strange peace on 
his face. Harry held his breath. His heart was pounding in his throat. 
"You..." Harry said, his voice cracking. "You came. I saw you." 
James Potter smiled faintly. It wasn't the cocky smirk Harry had seen in the 
photographs. It was a tired, sorrowful, but deeply loving smile.  
"I had to," James said. "I couldn't stand by and let him hurt you again, Harry." 
Harry looked from the corpse on the floor to the man beside him. Maybe he should have 
been afraid, but… “Are you real?” Harry whispered, hesitantly reaching out. “Or am I 
dreaming?” 
James extended his hand. His fingers weren’t bloody, but Harry knew what those hands 
had done moments ago. Still, he didn’t pull away. James’s hand touched Harry’s cheek. 
Warm. Alive. 
“I’m real, Harry,” James said, a tear slipping down his face. “And this time, I’m not going 
anywhere.” 
The emotional stillness of the Shack shattered as frantic footsteps thundered outside, 
followed by the door crashing open. The door had already been torn from its hinges 
because of James, so there was no obstacle for those rushing in. 
"Harry! HARRY!" It was Lily's voice. Behind her was Severus, his wand at the ready 
against any threat, his face as white as chalk. The moment Lily saw Harry on the floor, 
that strong professor mask fell away; she was just a terrified mother as she dropped to 
her knees. 
"My baby..." Lily said, her trembling hands checking his face as she hugged Harry, then 
examining the bloody bandage on his leg (James had torn a piece of his shirt to wrap it). 
"Are you okay? Does anything hurt?" 
"I'm fine, Mum..." Harry said. He turned his head slightly toward the man behind him. 
"He saved me." 
Lily lifted her teary eyes and looked at James behind Harry. James was looking back at 
Lily, his hair disheveled, scratch marks seemingly on his face, tired but holding his head 
high. Meanwhile, Severus, unswayed by the emotional atmosphere of the room, had 
moved like a pragmatic shadow toward the motionless heap in the corner. He prodded 
Peter Pettigrew's corpse with the tip of his wand. There was no pulse. Severus 
straightened up, a deep expression of satisfaction mixed with disgust on his face. He 
turned to James. 
"Clean work," Severus said. His voice sounded emotionless, but a gleam of approval 
flashed in his black eyes. "The Dementors wouldn't have granted him such a swift end." 
After hugging Harry tightly, Lily stood up and turned to James. She placed her hand on 
James's trembling shoulder. This time, there was no burden on her shoulders. "Thank 
you, James." 
Suddenly, Harry forgot his pain. "Why aren't you surprised? You knew, didn't you? That 
he—that he..." 
Lily and the other man—James—tensed up, but Severus rolled his eyes. "That's right, 
Harry. But it wasn't our place to explain everything to you; it was his. Just... not by killing 
someone, of course," he added. 
James tried to stand up, but his legs trembled. After ten years of living as a stag, this 
intense use of magic and physical strength had drained him. Moreover, he didn't have a 
wand; Peter's wand had been broken too. "I wasn't intending to spy on Harry. It was just 
luck that I happened to be in the forest today. Besides... besides, when I heard what 
Peter had done, I was so furious. I didn't think, I just went into the Whomping Willow." 
"You saved your son's life, Potter. This isn't the time to throw yourself into a moral 
crisis." Severus's voice was icy, but there was a strange undertone of respect in it. 
James looked at Severus in astonishment. Receiving approval from his old enemy was 
the last thing he expected. 
"Let's go," Lily said. They needed to get out of there as soon as possible. 
All four of them headed for the tunnel, with Lily supporting Harry. The pain in his leg had 
subsided, but he needed healing potions. 
"Snape," James said, out of breath as the tunnel's incline increased. "Do you have a 
spare wand? Peter's is broken, and mine is... well, you know." 
As he moved forward at a brisk pace, Severus pulled a simple black wand from the 
inside pocket of his robes and tossed it to James without looking back. James caught 
the wand in the air.  
"Use it carefully, Potter," Severus muttered. "That wand isn't used to your crude stag 
charges. It requires delicate handling." 
"Don't worry," James said, smirking. 
"Mum," Harry said, suddenly remembering. "Draco, Hermione... Ron. Peter hurt them 
too. Are they okay?" 
"They are fine, Harry. They should have reached their dormitories by now. Or perhaps 
they are still with Professor McGonagall," his mother said. Then Lily began to explain: 
while she was keeping watch in the corridor (Severus knew it was the 7th floor), the 
twins Fred and George had come with an old piece of parchment in their hands and told 
Lily that Wormtail was on the school grounds. Although Lily had thanked the boys, she 
confiscated the map, which was clearly a map of Hogwarts. The twins didn't seem 
upset about it due to the urgency of the situation.  
Lily pulled the map from her robe pocket and handed it to James. "You certainly weren't 
idle when you were a student, Prongs." James examined his old map in astonishment, 
his ears turning red.  
"Then I sent a Patronus to your father, and I saw James on the map. He followed you 
into the Willow. Professor McGonagall and I took care of your friends." 
Then she turned to James. "How did you get in without the branches hurting you? 
Severus and I stopped it with magic," she said. 
"My reflexes in stag form are faster," James replied. They had exited the tunnel and 
reached the grounds. "I'll take him to the hospital wing," James said. 
"No," Severus said, stopping in front of the door. "You are coming with us, Potter. 
Technically, you are still dead; you can't give Poppy a heart attack. Nor Minerva. We will 
leave Harry with her anyway. She should be in her office on the ground floor right now." 
James opened his mouth to object, but Lily stroked Harry's hair, stepped back, and 
looked at James.  
"Harry will be safe, James. But Peter was just a pawn. The real threat is still inside and 
lying in wait to play his final card." -20:00- 
Ultimately, Harry first explained what had happened to McGonagall and was glad that, 
despite being in trouble, no points were deducted from him or his friends. For his aching 
leg, his mother had hurriedly given him a small vial of potion before going to 'check on 
something'.  
Then, escorted by the prefect Percy Weasley, he headed to the common room. 
Just as they were about to enter through the portrait, Harry stopped.  
"Percy... You deserve to know something." He relayed to him that Peter had suddenly 
been 'killed' in the Shrieking Shack, adding that his parents hadn't done it.  
"When I woke up, Peter was on the floor. And my dad said he was 'dead'." 
Percy had a grim but satisfied expression on his face. "Merlin... You’ve had a rough day, 
Harry. Please, sleep well tonight." 
----------------------------------------  
Flashback – March 1st, 1992 
Outside, sleet was hammering the cobblestone streets of Hogsmeade. Inside their 
home, the crackling fireplace and the children’s noise filled the air. Lily sat curled up on 
the sofa, legs tucked beneath her, reading the Daily Prophet while half‑heartedly 
responding to Louie and Iris, who were playing with blocks on the carpet. Severus set 
his teacup down on the table. His mind was on Horcruxes. 
"I'm going to step into my study to look at our project," Severus said, standing up. "I'll be 
back in five minutes." He knew better than to utter words like 'curse-breaking and 
avoiding dark magic' in front of the children. 
“Don’t say five minutes, Sev. You lose all sense of time in that room. I’ll come rescue 
you in half an hour.” 
Severus smirked slightly—Lily knew him well—and left the living room, heading for his 
study at the end of the corridor. The door was sealed with a complex locking charm to 
prevent the children from opening it by accident. Severus drew his wand, silently 
whispered the password, and the door swung open. It was dark inside. Severus stopped 
the moment he stepped in. Something was wrong. He looked around. 
"Homenum Revelio," he whispered, his wand still raised. No one else was there. And 
the room was cold. 
When he turned on the light, he saw it resting on his desk. Right in the middle of his 
impeccably tidy desk, amidst stacks of parchment, sat a small package wrapped in 
coarse brown paper that simply did not belong there. 
Severus approached. No name. No seal. Normally he would have destroyed such a 
suspicious object without touching it, but the “aura” coming from it wasn’t threatening. 
More… ancient. 
He tapped the package with the tip of his wand, and it unwrapped. What emerged took 
Severus's breath away. Two curved, yellowed, yet still lethally sharp fangs. There were 
dried, blackened fluid stains on them. Basilisk fangs. 
As a Potions Master, Severus instantly recognized this rare and deadly material. But 
they weren't fresh. They had aged. Just beneath the fangs lay a small, folded piece of 
parchment. Trying to steady his trembling fingers, Severus used Accio to retrieve the 
parchment. The handwriting was unfamiliar; sharp, hurried, yet elegant. 
"The inventor of a dark curse must also know its cure. If the wounds deepen: Vulnera 
Sanentur. As for destroying the soul fragment; these fangs are not a price paid, but a gift 
from the future." 
Severus froze where he stood. 
Vulnera Sanentur. He hadn’t finished that spell. It existed only in his mind and in the 
margins of an old potions textbook—one he had entrusted to Lily years ago. No one 
alive knew about it. No one. 
He read the note again. Looked around the room. His paranoia screamed, but his 
instincts were strangely calm. 
Whoever had entered this room—whoever they were—they knew the most private 
corners of his mind, his mistakes, and his future. And they were giving him a weapon. 
From the corridor came Louie’s laughter and Iris shouting, “It’s my turn!” 
When he stepped out of the room, his heart was pounding against his ribcage. He 
hurried downstairs to the living room. "Four minutes and thirty seconds," Lily said, 
checking her watch. "You broke a record. Couldn't find the articles?" 
Severus cast a long, pensive look at his children bickering on the rug and the peaceful 
scene before the fireplace. It was as if he were weighing whether what he had just found 
in his study could truly protect the joy in this room. Then he sat down next to Lily. "I 
suppose... what I was looking for wasn't where I thought it was." 
"What's wrong, Sev? You look pale." 
"It's nothing," Severus said, placing his hand on Lily's knee. He needed the physical 
contact. "I just... feel like I'm getting old." 
Lily laughed and took his hand. "Sev..." then she saw through the mask on her 
husband's face. "You can tell me. Something happened." 
They moved to the kitchen, and Severus cast Muffliato. “I have another secret I’ve kept 
from you for years.” 
Lily didn’t panic—she rolled her eyes. “What now?” 
Severus took a deep breath. He couldn’t lie. “A package,” he said, staring into the fire. 
“It appeared on my desk. No one entered, no alarm went off. It was just… there.” 
Lily stood abruptly, alarmed. “What package? Is it cursed? Sev, why did you touch it?” 
“It isn’t cursed. On the contrary…” Severus reached into his pocket and pulled out the 
crumpled scrap of parchment. “It contained two basilisk fangs. And this note.” 
“Basilisk fangs?” Lily whispered, stepping closer. She took the note from his hand. Her 
eyes scanned the lines. 
“The creator of a dark curse must also know its cure…” Lily gasped when she finished 
reading. She looked up at Severus. "Sev, darling... is this..." Lily swallowed hard. 
"Sectumsempra. Is this the counter-curse for that spell?" 
“Yes,” Severus said, voice low. “The one I searched for for years, the one I could never 
complete—When I created that spell, I was full of rage, Lily. I never thought about how 
to stop it. I made a weapon with a trigger but no safety. And I swore never to use it.” 
Lily gripped the note tightly. "And now someone completes that spell—the one even you 
couldn't finish—and hands it back to you?" 
“Not just finished it,” Severus said. “These are original basilisk fangs. There’s a kind of 
power—Merlin, I’m going mad—they’re helping us, Lily.” 
Lily placed the note back into Severus's trembling palm and cupped her husband's face 
in her hands. There was no fear in her eyes, only pure trust. 
"I don't care who sent it, Severus," Lily said with absolute resolve. "What matters is that 
the mistake you made in your youth now has a remedy. You no longer have to carry the 
burden of that spell. You have your safety catch. And these fangs... these fangs are the 
sign we need to destroy the Diadem." 
Severus nodded, swallowing hard to clear the lump in his throat. "Yes, they are, but... 
are we sure?" 
"All that's left is to find the Diadem, Sev. Have a little faith." 
----------------------------------------  
June 2nd, 1992 — 8:45 PM 
After handing Harry over to McGonagall, the trio hurried upstairs. The corridors were 
empty, yet the air felt heavy. Severus led the way, James guarded the rear, and Lily was 
piecing everything together in her mind. 
“Where are we going?” James whispered, still trying to get used to the borrowed wand 
in his hand. “Shouldn’t we be going to Dumbledore?” 
“No time,” Severus said sharply. “If Quirrell has already moved, it’ll be too late by the 
time Dumbledore arrives.” 
Lily suddenly stopped. At the corner of the corridor leading to the Ravenclaw tower, 
floating before the window, was a silver, mournful silhouette. “The Grey Lady,” Lily 
whispered. 
“Now?” Severus said in disbelief. “You’re going to ask her about the Diadem?” He had 
assumed they would head to the Room of Requirement—or at least find Dumbledore. 
“This is the perfect moment,” Lily said. “Severus, James… stay here. I mustn’t startle 
her.” 
Leaving the two men in the shadows behind her, Lily walked slowly toward the ghost. 
Helena Ravenclaw, with her long hair and floor‑length robes, was staring out the 
window at the dark lake. 
“My lady,” Lily said gently. 
Helena turned slowly. Her pale face was expressionless, but her eyes held centuries of 
distrust. “A teacher… and two shadows behind her. What do you want? I have nothing 
left to give the living.” 
“I haven’t come to take anything from you,” Lily said, keeping her voice soft yet 
authoritative. “I’ve come to give you something. Peace.” 
Helena frowned. “Peace? That lie I was promised but never given? Someone else wants 
the diadem again. The greed never ends. Centuries, and it never ends.” 
“It isn’t greed, Helena,” Lily said, unwavering. “Tom Riddle lied to you.” 
The moment she spoke the name, the ghost recoiled as if struck. She drifted back, 
trembling. 
“He listened to you, pretended to understand you, and took your mother’s legacy—the 
diadem. But he never meant to honor it.” 
“Silence!” Helena hissed, her face twisting into something momentarily terrifying. “Do 
not speak his name! He… he was going to hide it. Preserve it. Honor my mother’s 
wisdom.” 
“No,” Lily said, stepping closer. She wasn’t afraid. She saw not a dangerous ghost, but 
a wounded girl who had spent her whole afterlife trying to prove herself to her mother. 
“He didn’t hide it. He didn’t protect it. He defiled it, Helena. He used it to store the 
darkest piece of his soul—” 
“Do you think I don’t know?” Helena’s face crumpled with shame. “He turned my 
mother’s wisdom into an anchor for his own immortality. And I… I allowed it.” 
"I know," Lily said, meeting Helena's guilt with a mother's tenderness. "I know you 
know, and I know you've been crushed by the weight of it for centuries. But you don't 
have to just 'know' anymore." Lily took a step closer. "We can destroy it, Helena." 
Helena looked at Lily in bewilderment. "Destroy it? That dark magic?" 
“Look into my eyes,” Lily said. “I’m a mother too, Helena. And I know what it means to 
be betrayed. That diadem is in this castle right now. And the darkness inside threatens 
the students who live here. Let us cleanse that stain. Let Rowena Ravenclaw’s legacy 
stop being a murderer’s toy.” 
Helena gazed into Lily's eyes. She saw neither ambition nor deception there. Only pure 
determination and compassion. 
"We have the power to shatter that darkness," Lily said, feeling the presence of the 
Basilisk fang in her pocket. "You couldn't prevent Tom Riddle from defiling that crown, 
yes. But now... now you can help destroy it. You can set your mother's legacy free." 
The ghost’s shoulders slumped. The mask of arrogance on her face melted away, 
leaving only a sorrowful expression. "It is here..." Helena whispered, her voice like the 
wind. "Years ago... he brought it here, saying he would hide it." 
"The Room of Requirement," Lily said; she knew the answer, but Helena needed to say 
it. 
"The Room of Hidden Things," Helena said, her voice trembling. "He placed it there. 
Upon a bust, as if it were a mere ordinary object." Before vanishing through the wall, 
Helena looked one last time at Lily, and then at Severus and James waiting behind her. 
"Destroy it. And take that monster’s soul with it." 
Lily bowed her head. “I promise.” Helena retreated and vanished into the stone. 
When Lily turned around, Severus was looking at her with open admiration—and James 
with a mixture of awe and disbelief. 
“Wow,” James said. “Back in school we only asked ghosts for homework answers. You 
just gave her therapy.” 
Severus stepped beside Lily and placed a hand on her shoulder. “Your ability to 
persuade is as terrifying as ever, Lily.” 
“Come on,” Lily said, not wasting a second on sentiment. “Seventh floor.” 
They reached the seventh floor, breathless, stopping before that infamous blank stretch 
of wall. Severus paused, listening. The castle was silent, but it was the kind of silence 
that came right before a storm. 
“This is it,” Lily said, staring at the stone. In her mind she summoned the room Helena 
had described. The place where everything was hidden… 
Severus turned to James. James was gripping the borrowed black wand so tightly his 
knuckles were white, eyes darting around the corridor. “Potter,” Severus said, voice 
firm. “You’re staying out here.” 
James furrowed his brows. "What? I’m coming in too. You don’t know what you’ll face 
inside." 
"The real problem isn't the inside; it’s the outside," Severus said, gesturing toward the 
dark end of the corridor. 
"The moment we enter, the door will vanish. If Quirrell, or Voldemort, or some pawn we 
don't know about arrives before we finish the job, they will trap us inside. And once the 
Diadem is destroyed, it will be felt. Do not be fooled by Quirrell’s stuttering and his 
frivolous attire. Last year, he was able to cast the Imperius curse on a teacher right 
here." 
Lily looked at her husband with warning eyes, then turned to look into James's eyes. 
"We need you to watch our backs, James. I know you don't have your cloak, but..."  
James cut Lily off, a slight, crooked smile appearing on his face. "If I don't have my 
cloak, it means I don't hide, Evans. That suits me just fine." He leaned his back against 
the wall, right where the door was expected to appear. "Go inside. Not even a fly gets 
past me without my permission." 
Severus gave him a short, approving nod. “If we die,” Severus said, “Harry is your 
responsibility. Don’t fail.” 
James’s grin vanished, replaced by something hard and steady. “You’re not dying. Do 
your job and come back out. Don’t even think about the other possibilities.” 
The carved door materialized on the stone wall. “Let’s go,” Lily said, taking Severus’s 
hand. 
They slipped inside. The door closed behind them without a sound, melting back into 
stone. The moment they entered, the outside world vanished.  
The Room of Requirement was vast, suffocatingly still, filled with centuries of forgotten 
things. Towers of objects rose like a labyrinth around them, the air thick with dust. “Do 
you feel it?” Lily whispered. Her voice echoed like a breath in a cathedral. 
Severus moved forward, wand raised. “There’s a pull. Dark. Like the ring… and the 
others.” 
In the darkest depths of the labyrinth, resting on an old vanity table, was a dusty wig 
atop a grotesque bust. And on top of the bust sat that crown—it appeared rusted, yet its 
sapphires still shimmered with light. 
Ravenclaw’s Diadem. Lily took a step toward it, as if mesmerized. "It looks so... lonely." 
"Don't touch it, Lily," Severus warned, pulling those yellowed Basilisk fangs from his 
pocket. "It is more than just metal." 
But the Diadem had sensed the threat. The moment Severus drew the fangs, the air in 
the room turned to ice. Whispers emerging from the Diadem seeped into Lily’s mind like 
the hissing of a serpent. 
You were Harry’s mother, yet you could not protect him... Lily’s pupils dilated. She 
reached out her hand. 
The room dissolved. The towers of hidden objects vanished.  
Suddenly, Lily found herself in Godric’s Hollow, in Harry’s nursery. The date was 
October 31, 1981. But this was no memory. This was a distorted nightmare. 
Lily lay on the floor, a meter away from the crib. She couldn't move; her body felt less 
like it was under a Body-Bind Curse and more like she was experiencing sleep paralysis. 
The dark-robed figure stood before the crib. Voldemort had his wand pointed at the 
baby. 
"No..." Lily moaned. "Take me... Spare him..." Voldemort laughed. But this time, he 
offered Lily no choice.  
"Foolish girl," Voldemort said in a high, cold voice. "Your sacrifice will not work. Your 
love is insufficient." 
The green light flashed. Harry did not cry. Only that terrible, hollow silence filled the 
nursery.  
Darkness swallowed Lily. At that moment, Lily’s heart felt as though it would truly stop; 
the grief she felt was so real, she felt her soul being dragged from her body. She was 
falling into a pitch-black well. 
"He's dead... He's dead because of me..." 
Severus, however, had caught Lily just as she was losing consciousness and falling, 
laying her gently on the ground.  
Lily was shaking as if having a seizure, her shoulders tensed, and she suffered in silence 
as tears streamed from her eyes. The fact that she wasn't crying out or screaming felt 
worse: everything was currently trapped inside her mind. Her breath came in ragged, 
staccato gasps, making sounds as if she were drowning. 
Severus felt it instantly— Lily’s mental shields had collapsed. The Horcrux had slipped 
past her defenses and was devouring her from the inside. 
He grabbed her shoulders, voice sharp with fear. “Lily! Look at me!” She didn’t respond. 
Severus didn’t hesitate. He didn’t place his wand to her temple— he didn’t need to. He 
met her eyes, and dove straight into her nightmare. 
Severus suddenly found himself in that faux nursery. Lily was weeping on the floor, and 
Voldemort’s high-pitched laughter filled the room. This was the Diadem’s game. 
“ENOUGH!” Severus roared into the mental plane. His voice drowned out Voldemort’s 
shrill laughter like a thunderclap. 
The false Voldemort dissolved into a swirling black cloud, still cackling, still whispering 
poison. 
‘Is this how you protect your son, foolish girl?’ 
“None of this is real, Lily!” Severus’s voice echoed through her mind like a lifeline 
thrown into a storm. “Harry is alive! He’s at school right now! His leg is bandaged, but 
he’s safe! Remember! We are in 1992!” 
Severus seized the nightmare by its seams and tore. He forced the illusion to bend, to 
crack, to obey him. He reached into Lily’s memories and pulled the freshest one he 
could find: Harry in the Shrieking Shack tunnel, pale but breathing, alive. 
He tore down the walls of Godric’s Hollow. Lily’s tears stopped; she was breathless. 
Severus’s voice was her lifeline. At the bottom of a dark sea, she gripped it tightly and 
felt herself being pulled upward. 
----------------------------------------  
Lily opened her eyes in the Room of Requirement, lying in Severus’s arms. “Sev…” 
“You’re here,” Severus whispered, breathless, pressing his forehead to hers. “Harry is 
alive. That cursed thing twisted your mind.” 
Lily turned her head toward the Diadem on the bust. Her tears were still wet on her 
cheeks. Severus brushed them away with trembling fingers. 
“It’s over, love. I’ve got you.” 
In that moment, Lily’s fear transformed into a pure, scorching rage. Severus pressed 
one of the Basilisk fangs into her palm. He held the other. "We do this together," he 
said.  
Lily gripped the sharp end of the fang tightly. "Go to hell," she whispered. 
Simultaneously, they plunged the ancient fangs into the large sapphire at the center of 
the Diadem. A deafening sound, like a human scream, erupted from the metal. An ink
black, tar-like liquid spurted from the Diadem, splashing onto Lily’s and Severus’s 
hands. Black smoke rose into the air, momentarily forming a face contorted in agony 
before vanishing into nothingness. 
The Diadem cracked in half and fell to the floor. It was now merely an old, broken 
crown. Lily watched as the black liquid on their hands evaporated and disappeared. 
“Is it over? Is it really over? Did we do it?” Her voice trembled with disbelief, with the 
dizzying relief of victory. 
“It’s over,” Severus said. 
Both of them scanned the room instinctively, expecting an explosion, a shockwave, a 
final burst of rage from the dying Horcrux. 
But the room was still. Quiet. Almost peaceful. 
The room held nothing now but a collapsing silence and the faint smoke rising from the 
shattered crown. Their hearts were pounding so hard it felt like their ribs might crack. 
Severus was on his knees, staring toward the exit as if afraid to disturb the fragile 
stillness— and Lily launched herself at him. The movement was so sudden, so fierce, 
that Severus lost his balance and fell flat onto the dusty carpet. He didn’t feel the 
impact. 
Because Lily had taken his face in both hands and pressed her mouth to his. Lily was 
kissing him frantically—these weren't "I love you" kisses—they were "we are alive and 
this is real" kisses. Her hands and fingers were trembling, but with a desperate urgency, 
she began to unbutton Severus's collar, clawing to reach his skin. She wanted to wash 
away the cold sensation of death the Horcrux had forced into her mind with the warmth 
of her husband’s body. 
Adrenaline roared through her veins. That primal, feral rush of survival seized them both 
at once. As soon as Severus overcame the initial shock, he took control. He met Lily's 
hunger with his own. Wrapping his hands around her waist, he flipped their positions 
with a single agile movement. Now Lily lay on the dusty floor beneath him; Severus was 
on top. When their eyes locked, the controlled mask in those black eyes had 
completely melted away; only pure desire and relief remained. Clothes were discarded; 
external threats were forgotten. 
When Severus buried his face in the curve of Lily’s neck, she threaded her fingers 
through his dark hair and arched toward him. Her legs tightened around his waist, 
anchoring him to her, pulling him close, refusing to let him go. He had no intention of 
leaving. In that moment, they were each other’s anchor, each other’s refuge. 
In that chaotic moment of peak pleasure, there was only the sound of their breath, the 
heat of their skin, and the pounding of their hearts against their ribs. It was a brief but 
searing moment where words failed and only sensations spoke. 
Minutes later, silence returned to the room. Severus lay on his back, his chest rising and 
falling rapidly. Lily rested her head and her entire body atop him, her heart beating 
against his. As Severus’s hand affectionately stroked Lily’s sweat-dampened hair, she 
pressed her face against his chest. In that dark room that only moments ago had reeked 
of death, the purest, most fiery form of life now resonated. 
"Wow..." Lily said, ignoring the dusty air filling her lungs. She lifted her head slightly from 
Severus’s chest, a stunned and intoxicated smile on her face.  
"I mean... I love our bedroom chemistry, Sev, but admit it... we haven't done anything 
like that in at least a year." 
Severus let out a husky laugh. His chest shook beneath Lily’s cheek. "Really? Only a 
year? It felt like a century to me," Severus said, wiping the sweat from his brow with the 
back of his hand. Then he lifted his head slightly, giving Lily that smirk that was both 
mocking and full of affection. 
"Lily, how could we? We have three children at home; our rooms are on the same 
floor..." Severus let out a deep breath. "We should count our blessings. Believe me, 
once those twins are born, Lupin and Tonks won't be having sex for the next five years. 
Their famous 'bed-breaking adventures' are a thing of the past." 
Lily laughed as she pushed herself upright and began gathering the clothes scattered 
across the floor. 
“Come on. Get up, Mr. Snape. There’s a ghostly animagus waiting for us outside. We 
practically traumatized the man at the door. Merlin helps us if he ran into Peeves — the 
whole school will know within an hour.” 
Severus reluctantly sat up and reached for his shirt. The relaxed, blissed‑out expression 
on his face slowly faded, replaced by his usual sharp seriousness. “Potter should be 
used to waiting,” he muttered. “He spent ten years hiding behind a tree. He won’t die if 
he waits ten more minutes.” 
Once they were dressed and composed, Lily quickly tied up her hair and straightened 
the collar of her robes. She had turned toward the door when Severus suddenly caught 
her arm, stopping her. "One second," Severus said, his eyes locked onto Lily’s neck. 
Lily reached for her neck in confusion. "What is it?"  
Severus shook his head, trying to suppress the crooked smile tugging at the corner of 
his lips. He touched his finger to the prominent red mark he had left just above Lily’s 
collarbone during their passionate encounter moments ago. "It seems I've created a 
reason for the ghost at the door to drop dead from shock," Severus said, his voice low 
and husky. 
Lily used the reflection of a nearby silver tray to see where Severus was pointing, and 
her cheeks instantly flushed crimson at the sight. There, glowing brightly, was an 
unmistakable "love bite" that was impossible to hide.  
"My God!" Lily whispered, trying to cover the mark with her hand. "Severus! James is 
right out there!" 
Severus lazily lifted his wand. There was a possessive glint in his eyes that very clearly 
said I wouldn’t mind if he saw it, actually. But he only touched the tip of his wand gently 
to her skin. “Episkey,” he murmured.  
The redness faded and vanished within seconds, leaving Lily’s skin as smooth as 
before. "Better," Severus said, while Lily struggled to suppress a giggle. Before they 
walked out the door, Severus pulled her close and kissed her hair.  
Lily stole one last glance at the broken diadem on the floor. It was now just a pile of old 
metal. 
"Let’s go," Lily said. They turned toward the door. 
----------------------------------------  
June 2nd, 1992 — 10:55 PM 
When they reached the third‑floor corridor, it wasn’t silent death that greeted them—it 
was shrill giggling and the clatter of objects hitting stone. 
In the middle of the hallway, Professor Quirrell lay unconscious on the floor. Hovering 
above him was Hogwarts’ resident menace, Peeves, gleefully trying to shove chalk 
sticks up Quirrell’s nose while doing somersaults in midair. 
“Wake up, big‑head! Wake up so I can—” Peeves froze when the trio stepped into the 
corridor.His eyes darted from Lily, to Severus, and finally to James Potter. 
He rubbed his eyes. James was there; a bit disheveled, wand in hand, but unmistakably 
James Potter. 
Peeves turned beet‑red, puffing up like an angry balloon. 
“NO! ABSOLUTELY NOT!” he screeched, pointing at James. “There can only be ONE 
chaos‑spirit in this school and that’s ME! I refuse to have competition! Go awayyyyy!” 
He hurled the chalk at James and, shrieking “UNFAIR!”, dove straight through the wall 
and vanished. James brushed the chalk dust off his shoulder, but neither he nor 
Severus had even bothered to look at Peeves. Their focus was entirely on the man lying 
on the floor. 
"Get up," Severus said, his voice cracking like a whip. "Stop pretending, Quirrell." 
The heap on the floor stirred. Quirrell sat up with jerky movements, as if his bones had 
turned to liquid. His face was gaunt, with dark purple shadows under his eyes, but his 
gaze... his gaze no longer belonged to that stuttering professor. He looked at them with 
a look of pure, concentrated hatred. 
"So you've come..." Quirrell’s voice was resonant, as if two people were speaking at 
once. "And with... a surprise guest in tow." His eyes shifted to James. "It seems the 
dead aren't resting easy in their graves tonight." 
"Unlike you," James said, leveling his wand at Quirrell’s heart. "My soul is whole." 
Quirrell let out a wheezing laugh. He tried to stand, leaning his back against the wall for 
support. The destruction of the Diadem had physically devastated him. "This isn't an 
invasion, Potter... It's a symbiosis," Quirrell said in a venomous voice. "My Master was 
to grant me immortality. The Philosopher's Stone was only the beginning. But you..."  
His gaze turned to Lily. "You've ruined everything. And yet the plan was flawless. 
Vespera... that foolish woman..." 
"Why did you use Vespera?" Lily asked, her wand hand perfectly steady. 
"A Horcrux..." Quirrell said, blood leaking from his mouth. "My Master... he wanted me 
to secure myself as well. Vespera was meant to be the sacrifice for my first Horcrux. But 
she was so elegant, so useful... it was more enticing to turn her into a puppet instead of 
killing her. But now..."  
Quirrell looked at his hands; his skin was turning gray. "Now, there is no Stone, and no 
Vespera." 
"Nor your Master," Severus interjected, stepping forward. "He is finished, Quirrell. The 
Diadem is gone. Now he is merely a parasite living on the back of your head. And you..." 
Severus smiled cruelly. "...you are only a mortal man." 
The words struck their mark. Quirrell’s face contorted with fear, but then, suddenly, the 
expression vanished. His body went rigid. He reached for his head and began to slowly 
unravel the purple turban. 
"Mortal?" The turban fell to the floor. Quirrell turned around. 
James saw the most horrifying sight of his life. On the back of Quirrell’s head, 
chalk‑white skin, red eyes, and slit nostrils formed a face. 
Voldemort. 
“You underestimate me,” Voldemort hissed. His voice made the torches flicker. “I am 
Lord Voldemort. I have conquered death.” 
His red eyes moved from James, to Severus, and finally to Lily. “You destroyed what 
was mine,” Voldemort said. “All six. Impressive… But you know souls can be placed in 
vessels. Any vessel.” 
His gaze lingered on Lily. A cold, nauseating threat filled the air. 
“Tell me, Severus Snape…” Voldemort whispered, voice soft as silk and twice as 
deadly. “If I kill Potter and make your beloved wife my new Horcrux… would you destroy 
her too? Would you drive that fang into her heart as you did the Diadem?” 
Time stopped. This wasn't just a threat; it was their greatest fear, their love being turned 
into a weapon against them.  
James’s teeth ground together. Severus’s eyes darkened. As for Lily, her fear 
evaporated, replaced by a pure, protective maternal rage. 
The three of them did not look at each other. They didn't need to. In that moment, all 
their past, all the love triangles, all the bitterness was erased. Only one purpose 
remained: to destroy this thing.  
James, Severus, and Lily raised their wands simultaneously. It was a synchronization 
that had never been practiced or planned. 
"EXPELLIMUS ANIMA!" 
The lights from their wands— James’s red, Lily’s green, Severus’s black— twisted 
together in midair, merging into a blinding spear of gold‑white light. The spell struck 
Quirrell’s chest. 
Quirrell screamed— a double‑voiced, inhuman shriek. 
The magic tore Voldemort’s soul from Quirrell’s body like a physical hand. Black, 
tar‑thick smoke burst from Quirrell’s pores, mouth, eyes. His body couldn’t withstand 
the pressure— his bones cracked, and he collapsed lifelessly. 
But the black smoke did not dissipate. It gathered in the air, intensified, and fell to the 
floor. From within the smoke emerged a creature the size of a baby, but it was no baby; 
it was red as if flayed, scaly, and hideous.  
Voldemort’s most vulnerable, purest form of evil. The creature writhed, lifting its head. 
Its red eyes were wide with terror. “You…” it hissed weakly. “You cannot… kill me…” 
Severus stepped forward, wand steady. 
“You’re wrong, Tom,” he said. “You’re already dead. We’re just sending you where you 
belong.” 
Lily and James moved to stand beside Severus. Three wands pointed at that pathetic 
fragment of evil on the floor. This time, they didn't shout. They simply channeled their 
will, their love, and their desire to protect Harry into their wands. Green flames, flowing 
like liquid fire, erupted from the three wands.  
But this was not Avada Kedavra. Something older. Something purifying. 
The flames engulfed Voldemort’s twisted form. He screamed, but the sound was 
swallowed by the roar of the fire. His body shriveled like burning parchment— and 
collapsed into grey ash. 
When the flames died, only Quirrell’s corpse and a small pile of dust remained. Silence 
returned. This time, it was truly over. 
Lily lowered her wand and sank to her knees. James and Severus immediately knelt 
beside her. “Is he gone?” Lily whispered. 
James nudged the ash pile with the tip of his boot. The dust scattered. “Yes,” James 
said. “He’s gone.” 
----------------------------------------  
July 17, 1992 A wizarding chapel near Greenwich 
Six weeks after the destruction of the Dark Lord (or the pile of ash left of him), a rare, 
scorching heatwave had descended upon the wizarding world in Britain. Thanks to the 
discovery of Peter's body and the Ministry's fabricated (and Dumbledore-backed) story 
about James "waking up from a magical coma," James was now a free man, and the 
charges were dropped because (as Severus had pointed out last year) Harry was in 
danger. 
Besides, no Auror truly wanted to arrest James Potter anyway. 
Alice and Frank had practically screamed with joy as they hugged their friends; Kingsley 
had gotten misty‑eyed and pretended it was “sweat”; Tonks was in the corner of the 
Auror Office eating an Italian dessert Sirius had smuggled in, while Sirius explained the 
recipe and they discussed baby names. (Sirius Jr. was a horrifying suggestion, and 
Tonks absolutely refused to name her children after constellations.) 
After congratulating James, Alastor Moody declared the room “too crowded” and 
promptly kicked everyone out. 
James, who couldn't see Harry until Hogwarts went on break, also couldn't see his son 
for a while after school ended. The wizarding world wasn't ready to release him just yet; 
they wanted to learn about the last ten years "in detail." Instead of dealing with them, 
James shifted his focus elsewhere: Remus's wedding. 
If you asked Dora, she’d say the babies growing in her belly were basically an 
engagement ring. But even before the pregnancy, she and Remus had a bond that was 
steady, certain, and full of love. Still, could she say there was no need for Remus to get 
down on one knee, or for his unrehearsed, honest words pouring from his heart? Never. 
Not even the holy trinity of chaos — Sirius, Martina, and James — could ruin the 
moment, though they certainly tried. Dora had shouted “Yes, yes, YES, a hundred times 
yes!” and thrown herself into Remus’s arms. 
While discussing the wedding, James had shared a fond memory that made Remus 
blush the exact shade of Tonks’s copper‑red hair that day: years ago, Lily’s bouquet had 
landed right in Remus’s arms. And now, somehow, impossibly, Remus really was the 
next one in their group to get married. 
---------------------------------------  
In defiance of the scorching heat outside, the interior of the chapel was filled with a refreshing spring breeze, courtesy of the cooling charms cast personally by Andromeda. Colorful light filtering through the stained glass danced upon the stone floor.  
They were in those rooms where the couple to be married was separated for the last time, where their families prepared them or exchanged emotional congratulations. Andromeda Tonks, waving her wand like a conductor, caught the floral arrangement her daughter Nymphadora (no one called her Nymphadora except Remus) had knocked over mid-air and set it right. "I couldn't help it, Mum!" Tonks cried out. She had just put on her cream-colored summer robes as a wedding dress, but the real issue was her hair. It had been a regal blonde in the morning, but by noon, out of sheer excitement, it had turned gray. She had managed to braid it with her mother's help.  
"It's just... Merlin, I'm getting married! Can you believe it?" 
Andromeda cupped her daughter’s cheek, and the stern Black‑family sharpness in her face softened. “I believe it, sweetheart. And I’m grateful you found a patient man like Remus.” 
From the chapel’s side room, Remus and James emerged, heading toward the altar. James immediately reached out and straightened Remus’s collar for the tenth time. “Your bow tie looks fine, don’t touch it,” James whispered. “Relax. It’s not a full moon, you’re just getting married.” 
Remus rubbed his hands together, scanning the crowd. "I know, James, but... Alice and Frank are there, laughing. Sirius is arguing passionately about something with Martina. You are here, you are free. Isn't this... isn't this too much happiness for one man? It feels like I could wake up at any moment." 
Just as James was giving his friend his eighth pep talk of the day, the door opened, but it wasn't the bride entering just yet. The Snape family had arrived: Lily in her beautiful green summer robes, Severus looking like a vampire in all black but with his hair tied back, and the three children beside them. When Harry looked at James and smiled, James's heart skipped a beat. 
Harry looked taller. Not metaphorically — literally taller. Four, maybe five centimeters since the last time James had seen him. Weeks of Ministry procedures, interrogations, and “debriefings” had kept James away from his son. But now, James was cleared, free, and nothing stood between them anymore. 
Remus Lupin had never looked better in his life — happiness suited him. The scars on his face were still there, but the chronic exhaustion in his eyes had vanished. Still, his hands trembled. “Breathe, Moony,” James said again as they reached the altar. He punched Remus’s shoulder — firmly, affectionately. "Besides, you're going to be a father now. If you pass out when you hold them, Andromeda will kick your wolf ass, I'm warning you." 
Then the music changed, and Nymphadora Tonks appeared in the doorway, leaning on the arm of her father, Ted Tonks. She wore that expression that shone like the sun; her hair was currently a soft silver-gray, cascading down her back in a single braid adorned with various colourful accessories.  
The moment Remus saw her, every trace of tension melted off his shoulders. A smile — open, unguarded, the kind James hadn’t seen in years — spread across his face. As Tonks walked down the aisle, she tripped slightly on the edge of the carpet, but Ted caught her before she could fall. "Ah, got you!" Ted whispered proudly. Giggles rippled through the hall. 
When Tonks reached Remus's side, she was breathless. "I almost made it," she whispered. "Coming down without falling." 
"You are perfect exactly as you are," Remus said, with a clarity everyone could hear. The wedding officiant (a short, cheerful wizard) cleared his throat. "Dear guests... Today we are gathered here to unite these two souls." The ceremony was joyful, intimate, and swift. No one wanted long vows; everyone knew the love was already there, evident in those exchanged glances. 
"Do you..." the officiant said, "...in sickness and in health..." 
"Yes!" Tonks said, without waiting for the officiant to finish his sentence. Laughter erupted from the crowd. Remus shook his head, chuckling. "I do. A thousand times, I do." 
“You may kiss the bride!” Remus pulled Tonks into his arms and kissed her, and James — with perfect timing — shot confetti from the tip of his wand like he was tossing a hat into the air. As the crowd cheered, James took a deep breath. The war was over. His friend was happy. His son was here. 
After the chapel ceremony, most guests drifted away, leaving only the Marauders and Lily’s family. They all headed to the Tonks home. 
Dora and Remus sat on the swinging porch bench, still holding hands. Lily, Martina, and Andromeda were chatting in the living room. Sirius was listening while Harry and his brother discussed broomsticks, Iris was dozing in his arms. James simply wanted to converse with his son, to get to know him, regardless of the topic. He walked over to the latter group. 
“James wasn’t a Seeker like you,” Sirius said, “but he flew fast.” When Harry asked slightly more specific questions, James confessed that he had watched Harry from under the cloak last autumn. Louie, however, was pouting. "Flying takes skill, but anyone who isn't afraid of heights can do it." 
Harry ruffled Louie’s bright orange hair. “No one is as dedicated to piano as you are,” he said with a teasing lilt. Louie blushed. 
Sirius suddenly groaned. “I’m not as young as I used to be. Holding a three‑year‑old is killing my back. I’m giving her to her father — be right back. And Prongs, don’t traumatize the children.” James rolled his eyes. As if he was the one with the foul mouth in the group. 
“Ah,” Harry said suddenly. “I just realized. This year’s birthday will be the first one you’ll actually celebrate with me.” 
James blinked. He hadn’t thought of that. Not once. Harry continued, a little shyly, “Don’t think I’m obsessed with presents. I’m not. But… if you’re free that day, we’ll be home.” 
“No, I know. Of course I’ll come, Harry. Missing that would break my heart.” 
Harry smiled, exhaled in relief — then grinned. “Life is so weird, Louie. My only goal was to not have a boring first year until I made the Quidditch team. Well, I definitely wasn’t bored. A dark wizard died, my biological father turned out not to be dead… wow.” 
Louie frowned at both his brother and James. “Biological father? What does that even mean? Don’t be ridiculous. Our dad is right there.” He pointed at Severus. 
James couldn’t blame the kid. And Harry just laughed. “Oh, come on. Who else has two dads?” 
----------------------------------------  
August 29, 1992 
A year had passed. Exactly a year since James Potter had awakened from that terrible state that stole his youth and damaged his mental ties, back to reality and his own humanity. The sun was about to rise; the dark navy sky was being pierced by an orange light source from the east. In the kitchen of his new home near Godric's Hollow, he stood with a cup of tea in his hand, looking out toward the forest. 
James had voluntarily chosen to move here. It was as if Headmaster Dumbledore and Lily had expected him to want to be close to Harry. But now, no matter where in the world James went, Harry was 'with him'. Besides, just because he tolerated Severus Snape didn't mean he wanted to be forced to spend every Saturday with him. He wanted a place that was private and meaningful: for now, this house was perfect. 
He wore a clean T‑shirt, trainers on his feet. Ten toes — not hooves. He lifted the cup to his lips and let the warm liquid slide down his throat. Last year, at thirty‑one, he’d started a new life. Yes, he’d missed Harry’s “firsts” — first words, first broom ride — but as Sirius had reminded him (while throwing a kitchen towel at his head): “Firsts never end, Prongs. Who do you think Harry will talk about his first crush? A cold black wall or you?” 
James had laughed, but Sirius was right. Harry was only twelve. He had an entire adolescence ahead of him. Furthermore, James respected Lily, he was grateful to her, and he still loved her—albeit in a different way. But he no longer wanted to be a "third wheel" in their lives, in that established order. Harry should have two homes. One was the home of his family and order, the other was his father's home; a home of freedom, laughter, and perhaps a bit of messiness. This place was James's own fortress. When Harry came here, he should feel like a "host," not a "guest." 
At the echo of footsteps from the hallway on the wooden floor, James turned his head and saw Harry in his pajamas, rubbing his eyes. They had wanted to spend two nights together before his new year at Hogwarts began. Harry was also seeing his house for the first time. 
"Good morning. It's still very early, though." 
"I couldn't sleep," Harry said with a smile. "Good morning, James." Sometimes Dad, sometimes James.. James didn't mind these at all; sometimes he just wanted to interpret the slip of the tongue positively. “Want breakfast? I can make omelettes or boiled eggs. Or sausages,” he said, suddenly energized. “Sirius brought some weird bread. He calls it a croissant, but it’s basically bread. Don’t you think?” 
Harry snorted. “They’re both made of flour... I… I like boiled eggs,” he added. 
“Hard‑boiled or soft?” 
“Soft.” James gave him a thumbs‑up and grinned, turning to the counter to start cooking. 
This morning, he felt something warm in his chest. Hope. Today had to mean something.
END OF BOOK 2
BOOK 1: SIOTH
PART 4:The Snape Citadel
August 1992
A year had passed—a massive year overflowing with action, laughter, and tears. For Severus
Snape, it felt more like five years. For Harry, perhaps only a few months. It hadn’t been easy;
their lives had shifted, their routines shattered and reformed. Most significantly of all: they
had moved.
Severus had loathed his family home for as long as he could remember. It wasn't just the lack
of love within its walls, nor the fact that he could never bring himself to call that cramped,
two-story hovel a 'home.' The irony was that he always found himself back there, standing in
the center of the sitting room. It was ironic that in such a bleak place, no trace remained of
the two wizards who had once tried to build a life there. Yet, for the last ten years, the
structure had taken on a different meaning. Severus had truly claimed the house as his own,
and it had all begun with two people: Lily and Harry. He wished he’d had the sense to
suggest moving further southwest back then; it was a staggering display of naivety, but
Severus simply hadn't thought of it. In fact, remembering how little wit he’d possessed at the
time made him want to chain himself in the dungeons (Filch liked him, but liked the
dungeons more).
What word remained when 'ironic' lost its meaning? Even when he and Lily had rekindled
their adolescent flame—this time with a bond far sturdier and deeper—he hadn't thought to
suggest it. When leaving was so simple, they had chosen to stay. They remained trapped in a
house of ill memories, stuck in a forgotten, neglected industrial town that refused to evolve.
And then, Louie had arrived. Severus had known fear many times in his life; he was no
stranger to that cold nausea, the paralyzing sensation of being unable to move. He had feared
his mother and father; he had feared the science teacher at his Muggle school; he had even
feared the House Prefects during his first year at Hogwarts. If he were being honest, he had
been wary of anyone taller or broader than himself until his own growth spurt. As for the
terrifying and dangerous figures he encountered later—he didn't even want to go there.
Usually, May brought rain and grey clouds. Severus didn't complain; contrary to popular
belief, he wasn't a fan of gloomy weather. He actually quite liked thin t-shirts and the
artificial seaside scent of Muggle sunscreen. That particular May, as they awaited the new
baby with a mix of excitement and panic, was incredibly hot, trailing the scent of spring
breezes and cherries (Sirius’s gift). And one night at the end of May, the reality that his life
had changed forever hit him like a physical blow.
Harry had been about eight meters away, his small frame straining to reach a glass on the
kitchen counter. Severus had told him to wait—three times. The newborn Louie was in his
arms; if he put him on the sofa, the baby would wake, and he desperately wanted Lily to get a
few hours of sleep. Driven by a surge of accidental magic from his volatile core, Harry had
turned the glass into a frisbee, hurling it against the back wall with all his might. What
followed was a cacophony of screams, a flood of tears, and a snot-streaked "I'm sorry."
Severus could do nothing but pull both children into a tight embrace. What would his own
father—that bitter, incompetent, brawling, alcoholic waste of a man—have done? Severus
knew all too well. There was a threshold he would never cross; even the thought of it was a
trigger. At the moment he realized he now had two small humans who were dependent on
him, who would need him for a lifetime, he was wiping Harry’s nose with a napkin in his left
(non-dominant) hand, while his right arm was occupied entirely by baby Louie. Harry
sobbed, yet he smiled. Severus had wiped a bit too hard; the small nose was flushed red. His
heart ached at the sight, but he couldn't stop—Harry wanted water.
Harry wouldn't settle for just water... he needed attention, love, guidance. Severus couldn't
escape it. 
Harry was as much his as Louie was. Severus felt a jolt of terror then. With two
little people so utterly tied to him, the luxury of making a mistake was now out of reach.
Feeling like a father was a danger too great to be forgiven.
Time marched on; the seasons turned. Winters brought snow to the region, but instead of the
white blanket of Hogsmeade, it was merely a treacherous, icy film over the garden grass and
paving stones—melting, of course, by noon. Even central London saw more snow. The fate
of those in Spinner’s End was to wrap themselves in overcoats and struggle not to be swept
away by the biting winds. Summer was equally grueling; damp air hung just above the
narrow streets, stagnant and heavy. No wind, limited shade, and no coolness to be found even
there. Harry would emerge from pool practice with soaking hair, only for it to dry in twenty
minutes as he walked home with Lily. Severus had even bought him hair gel, because Harry
thought his artificial curls made him look dashing. 'At least this boy, unlike his father, knows
what to do when he looks in a mirror.' Severus liked seeing him that way.
Remus Lupin and Sirius Black had drifted a few steps further away. News from them had
become a luxury reserved for the holidays. Severus didn't share the same bond with friends as
his wife did. Lupin was one thing, but the mere thought of Black as a 'friend' made Severus’s
insides cramp. Yet, maintaining a marriage based on empathy with Lily for eight years wasn't
just down to a good sex life. For whom else would Severus be an emotional anchor, a stay in
the midst of a gale? To think otherwise was laughable; he would risk everything for Lily.
And then, at the very moment when everything seemed most stable, Severus realized that
being 'ready to risk everything' was the wrong answer. Recent events had opened a new
analytical reality for him. Sometimes, you had to be the one to eliminate the risk, to find the
shortcut and lead everyone to safety—
because everything else was just words.
The Hogwarts Express was an hour away from Hogsmeade Station, and Harry was on that
train with his friends, about to begin his first year. Lily had already dressed and left for the
school, her hair swept up elegantly—Severus had barely restrained himself when he kissed
her for good luck. After she left, he was upstairs in their new home, helping Louie clear away
toy blocks and cars.
He heard a familiar shout and the garden gate swinging open, but it was his protective
enchantments, not his ears, that alerted him to the intruders. He sighed, glancing at Louie;
he’d have preferred this to happen later in the evening.
He told Louie to stay with Iris; the boy nodded without a second thought and headed for Iris’s
door. Severus descended the stairs calmly. Meanwhile, the front door was being hammered
with fists, the shouting continuous. The two men outside were arguing with each other. He
yanked the door open with some force. Standing before him was a very much alive, very irate
James Potter—his rectangular glasses looking too large for his thin face—and right behind
him, a shirtless, wet-haired, and equally furious Sirius Black. Severus got the distinct
impression they had been brawling. One of his eyebrows arched.
“Good evening, gentlemen. I shan’t bother asking how you are. However, unless you both
compose yourselves, you aren’t setting a single foot inside this house. Is that understood?”
Sirius and James began to speak at once, their voices overlapping like a pair of scratched
gramophone records.
“Where’s Harry? I want to see him—”
“Look, Snape, we didn't come here to brawl. James is highly strung and—”
“I’m not moving a bloody inch until I see Harry, Sirius! Am I to have no place in my own
son’s life? Get out of the way—”
Sirius grabbed James by the collar and slammed him against the wall. “Harry’s already
reached Hogwarts, you berk! What was the plan? To storm Hogsmeade?”
“—he’s my son, not Snivellus’s! Are you in on this game, too? Tell me!”
“You idiot! A game? I left my shower halfway through because of you. Stop struggling and
listen to me!”
James tried to shove Sirius off but failed, hissing under his breath. “My plan? Let go of me!
This man raised my son—yes, I am profoundly grateful!” His voice was dripping with a
sarcasm so thick Severus merely rolled his eyes. “It’s exactly as it should be, isn’t it, Sirius?
Haven't you been drumming that into me for two days?”
“Am I supposed to apologize for speaking the truth? I haven’t even begun to tell you what
Snape has done for Harry, simply out of the goodness of his heart.”
“How touching. I’m moved to tears, Black,” Severus interjected drily. Both men spun around
and bellowed in unison: “Shut up, Snape!”
“But he’ll have a father in his life now, Sirius! A real one, not some cold, black puppet! Me!”
“Am I the puppet? You’re the one currently pinned to a wall by a lightweight, Potter.”
“Not the time, Snape! And—look at me, James—did we ever say you were forbidden from
his life? You utter dunderhead!”
“Let go, Sirius, or I swear I’ll hurt you!”
“You? James, Iris hits harder than you do, don't make me laugh.”
“Speaking of my children,” Severus said, his voice dropping to that dangerous, icy silkiness,
“you’re going to frighten them.” A shadow passed over James’s furious features; a look of
defeat settled into his eyes. Sirius let go of James’s collar.
“Even if we weren't on a conspicuous street, you’ve made enough of a spectacle of
yourselves. One doesn't see such vulgarity even in front of the Hog’s Head.” Severus stepped
aside, clearing the threshold. “In.”
“Has Lily left for the school?” Sirius asked. Severus gave a curt nod.
“You should be glad she didn't see you like this. She’d have sent Potter to Rome in a pizza
box.”
Shadows of Godric’s Hollow
The ten months following that dialogue were 'extraordinarily ordinary'—predictable in their
routine, yet colored by the 'waking up to a different world' energy that loomed under the
shadow of escalating political tension. The Ministry’s small Legal sub-department was still
being squeezed by the pawns of certain high-profile Azkaban fugitives. Meanwhile, the
legend of James Potter’s awakening from a Dumbledore-sustained coma loomed large over
everything.
Severus, Arthur, the Legal Department’s former intern Damira Belova, and Auror Frank
Longbottom were huddled in a small, unused meeting room, feasting on a stash of high
calorie Turkish delight that Damira had brought.
“These aren't from your neck of the woods, are they?” Arthur asked, popping a large piece
into his mouth. He looked utterly delighted; Severus knew all too well that Arthur had a
profound weakness for sweets.
“Oh, no,” Damira replied. “Gifts from my mother’s business associates.”
“Muggles, I presume? Forgive my curiosity, we really only know the British ones,” Arthur
said excitedly. Damira let out a soft chuckle.
“Yes, my family are business people. Active in construction and telecommunications. When
my brother had his accident, they were certain I’d take over the firms, but then the letter from
Durmstrang arrived, and all their plans changed.”
Arthur looked away, the shock on his face devoid of any pretense. “Merlin, that must have
been devastating. I am so sorry for your loss, Damira.” He felt a genuine pang of empathy.
“No, no, he’s alive. Just a spinal injury,” Damira added quickly. “But he went to university; I
mean, he’s still the one handling the business. As for me, they told everyone they’d sent me
to study in Switzerland.” She lowered her gaze, staring at the crinkled wrapper in her lap.
“Switzerland?” Frank interjected. He looked up from the warrant for James Potter’s arrest,
eyeing Damira speculatively. Damira crumpled the wrapper and sat up straight.
“It isn’t exactly a lie. The wealthy always send their children there for a 'proper' education.”
“Are you wealthy? Forgive me, you never let on.”
“Not me. My family is,” Damira said, her face clouding slightly. “It’s impossible for my
income to match their standards anyway. That’s why they want me to move back. They still
send sweets for my birthday, though.”
“A Cancer, eh? I like Cancers. Reliable and loyal,” Frank remarked.
Damira smiled at Frank, though it lacked warmth. Severus felt one of those rare moments
where knowing people so intimately felt like a curse. “If you speak with your parents on the
telephone, tell them we enjoyed the sweets. Happy birthday, Belova,” he said.
The young blonde woman offered Severus a truly genuine smile this time. Severus, in turn,
slipped out of the meeting room.
Just as he was about to exit the Ministry, he crossed paths with James Potter and Sirius Black
in the corridor. Splendid... “Snape! Snape! How are you? Hold on a moment, we’ve got
something to tell you.”
Black being this exuberant was never a good omen. Potter, however, looked ill at ease. “I
need to get home, Black. Is this urgent? You could have sent an owl.”
“The wedding is on the 17th, as you know. I just wanted to say it’d be best if you arrived a bit
earlier than the invitation suggests. Don’t forget, dinner at Ted and Andromeda’s follows.”
“I’m aware. We aren't about to miss Lupin and Tonks’s big day.”
“Don’t be late. By the way, the key figure in the organization is—” He clapped Potter’s
shoulder so hard the bespectacled man stumbled. “—this ‘Poltergeist.’ Rita Skeeter wrote
the piece in such a way, she must have bitten her quill in half.”
“Skeeter needs a loaf of bread to worry about, but who am I to offer advice? See you at the
wedding, Black. Potter.” He turned away, taking three steps before—
“James bought a new house, by the way! In Godric’s Hollow.”
That sentence spun Severus around 180 degrees. He stared into Black’s face, then at Potter.
“In that village? You couldn't find anywhere else, Potter?” In Severus’s mind, Godric’s
Hollow was the place where Lily and Harry had miraculously survived Voldemort’s assault
eleven years ago on Halloween. Voldemort had hurled Lily against the wall that night; he
could have killed her... then Harry. It had been years since Severus had stopped torturing
himself with the 'what ifs' of the past.
“I know, I know,” Potter said, speaking for the first time. “Dumbledore suggested it. It’s not
even on the same street; I mean, technically... it’s just the same village. On the edge of the
woods, quite nice, plenty of space for Quidditch.”
Severus looked at him in disbelief, but realized a moment too late that it didn't matter. Potter
wasn't going to listen to him. “Fine. Don’t expect a housewarming gift, though.”
Severus barely remembered the journey home. He was pulled from his thoughts by Harry and
Louie throwing themselves at him. “Dad, you’ve got to see this, come inside!” “Mum looks
amazing.” Severus stepped into the drawing room, wondering—Lily was always beautiful.
The reason for the boys' excitement became clear; Lily had been shopping. She was wearing
a zip-up top that looked almost like a raincoat, paired with thin, sleek trousers in a matching
color. Upon closer inspection, Severus saw Louie was wearing a similar zip-up.
“You look very sharp,” he said. “Is there one for me?”
There was. A matching tracksuit had been bought for him, and one for Harry too. Iris, being
only three, was left out—apparently, they didn't manufacture them for toddlers. After all four
of them took turns 'modeling' and laughing, Lily sent the three children to bed, and Severus
headed for the shower. Afterward, he read a story to Iris and checked if Harry and Louie’s
lights were off. Finally, he headed to the master bedroom. Lily was still awake, still wearing
her new clothes.
“If we show up to Lupin’s wedding in these, Andromeda won't let us inside the chapel,” Lily
said with a smirk, checking herself in the mirror. She and Harry were in green, Louie in pale
white, and Severus in burgundy. “Harry and I have the same color, but mine is patterned and
—”
“And the shade of green is different,” Severus added.
Lily turned to face him. “Will you help me out of this?”
“Is the zipper stuck?” Lily nodded with a wink. Severus approached her and pulled the zipper
down. It gave way with ease.
“Lily—” His voice sounded almost weary, yet his hands and his gaze were anything but.
The Wedding at the Chapel (July 17th)
Inside the chapel, the air felt like a crisp spring morning, defying the scorching heat outside
thanks to the Cooling Charms Andromeda had woven herself.
“Andromeda’s work, no doubt,” Severus murmured. “The only member of the Black family
who has ever made herself useful.” Lily landed a warning punch on his arm, making Harry
and Louie snicker.
Severus wore a set of black robes over a black shirt. Louie had insisted on matching his
father, but Lily, ever the pragmatist, had dressed him in white. Harry had opted for a navy
denim shirt. Lily herself had achieved an effortless elegance in a green summer robe. Green
always suited her, Severus thought. Iris was dressed in a butter-colored t-shirt and jeans—a
necessary precaution, as it was certain she would find some dirt to play in before the day was
out.
After a few steps, they found their seats, but the group was suddenly minus one: Harry. He
had spotted Potter. Lupin was there as well. Harry waved at them both with exuberant cheer.
Lupin offered a standard greeting, but Potter looked as though he were on the verge of a
cardiac arrest. Iris sat between them, and since she was so small, Lily was technically sitting
right next to Severus. He leaned toward her. “Potter looks like he’s about to faint.”
Lily merely smiled at them, taking Severus’s hand and giving it a reassuring squeeze. Harry
reclaimed his seat, leaving Louie sandwiched between Harry and Severus.
“Haha, yes,” Lily whispered. “James was always devoted to Harry, even before he was born.”
For some reason, this detail didn't settle Severus’s nerves, but he wasn't about to cause a
scene. It was the man’s right to spend time with his son, after all. Severus refused to let the
seed of jealousy in his gut grow into a full-blown parasite. They turned their attention to
critiquing the other guests’ attire.
“I suspect this is Martina’s first wizarding event. Look at her; she’s practically bouncing with
excitement.” Severus’s gaze drifted downward to Martina’s shoes. Merlin’s beard, he
thought. The young doctor was attempting to navigate the stone floor in high-heeled, orange
sandals.
“I believe you meant to say she looks as graceful as a swan, Severus,” Lily suggested. To be
fair, Martina looked lovely in a mint-colored satin dress, though she was indeed nearly
hopping as she walked hand-in-hand with Sirius.
“It’s a miracle she’s still upright. Do you think Black cast a Steadying Charm on her?”
Severus asked with genuine curiosity. Louie and Harry giggled. Lily did not.
“If Sirius didn't, I will.” Then, Martina turned around, and Lily’s jaw dropped. “Sev, that
dress has no back.”
“Now that is interesting,” Severus remarked. “One must congratulate Black. He actually
restrained himself from forcing a cardigan over her shoulders.”
“Severus!” Lily warned, though she was struggling to hide a smile.
The Aurors, Frank and Alice, arrived looking sharp in matching grey formal robes, while
their sons, Neville and Danny, were in ordinary Muggle clothes. As Remus and James
greeted and embraced the Longbottoms, Lily waved from her seat. “We’ll speak with them
after the ceremony,” she added, squeezing Severus’s hand again.
Severus cherished these small touches, yet they weren't enough to soothe him. “My nerves
are frayed, and the wedding hasn't even begun,” he muttered.
Bathilda Bagshot, Severus's former intern Damira, and an eccentric-looking wizard with long
hair entered simultaneously. When Louie compared Bathilda—in her lace-trimmed formal
robes and ridiculous hat—to a 
vulture, Harry turned beet-red from suppressed laughter,
struggling to catch his breath. Damira, in a form-fitting grey satin dress, waved at Severus.
“There’s Damira,” he explained to Lily. “She was a workaholic intern; now she runs the
entire department.” He waved back.
“She’s a lovely woman,” Lily noted, watching as James enthusiastically found Damira a seat
in the front row when she couldn't find one.
“Yes, quite lovely. She has a very... static beauty.” He met Lily’s burning gaze with a classic
Snape-esque smirk. “But my eyes only see you.”
“Is that so?” Lily whispered. The boys were leaning in, eavesdropping on the flirtatious
bickering with wide grins.
“Indeed, my love,” Severus added with a hint of mockery. “Why would anyone else catch my
eye when you are here? And I-” He broke off as Tonks made her entrance. Severus fell silent,
deciding to make amends to his wife later, and simply held her hand.
The ceremony was brief and chaotic, though it passed with minimal disaster. Severus had
always viewed this young Auror as the turning point in Lupin’s destiny, and Lily felt the
same. They congratulated the newlyweds outside the chapel. Suddenly, Severus found
himself pulled into a group hug: himself, Black, and Lupin.
“Can I officially declare myself the architect of this union?” Sirius asked, grinning from ear
to ear.
Severus struggled to free his right arm from the tangle. “No,” he said firmly.
Tonks smirked at her cousin. “You certainly cannot, because I’m the one who actually put in
the work for this relationship,” she teased, tugging at her husband’s hand.
“She has a point,” Lupin agreed, siding with Tonks. They all laughed. Yes, so this is what
marriage is, Severus thought to himself. Just then, Damira appeared behind them with James
and gave Severus an unexpected, brief hug. Everyone was far too tactile today.
“It’s wonderful to see you and the family,” Damira said. Severus introduced her to Lily.
As Damira moved to offer her congratulations to the couple, James suddenly materialized at
their side. “A very unusual girl. I didn't know you were friends, Snape,” he commented.
“We aren't. We merely conducted business together.” James looked ready to deliver another
barbed remark, but Lily’s fiery glare silenced him.
James turned to Lily. “Hey, Lils. How’s it going? Not today, but in the future... I’d like to
have a word. About Harry.”
“I’m well. And yes, we can talk,” Lily replied. At that moment, Tonks prepared to toss her
bouquet to the crowd of singles. Louie, not understanding the tradition, tried to catch the
flowers, but Severus caught him first. “You can reconsider this flower business in twenty
years.”
The bouquet was caught by a man with long hair and a strangely patterned robe, who looked
startled by the prize. “This bouquet might be infested with Nargles. Oh, I’m quite confused!
Yes, yes—here, you take it, Sirius Black.”
Sirius crossed his arms, looking at the flowers as if they were cursed. “I’m not single! James
is the lone wolf here; give it to him!”
James laughed. “A man as handsome as I am isn't easily caught, mate. The flowers are
yours.” While Harry and Louie snickered, Martina snatched the bouquet. “What is a Nargle?”
she asked, and the man began to explain.
The man in the patterned robes introduced himself as Xenophilius Lovegood, a family friend
of the Tonkses. “Isn't the lack of Transfiguration limits in indoor spaces simply magical?
Infinite possibilities!” he exclaimed with an enthusiastic but dim-witted tone. Severus took an
immediate dislike to him.
“A lack of limits would be catastrophic, Mr. Lovegood. A room cannot behave like a tunnel;
Magical Theory does not permit it,” Lily countered.
“But there hasn't been a theorem to disprove it in five hundred years,” Lovegood pushed
back. Lily was about to retort when her gaze shifted to the children. Louie and Danny seemed
to be having an altercation. “Oh no, what is it now?”
Severus sighed. There was never true peace at a wedding.
The children’s momentary dispute—an impassioned argument over which broomstick brand
reigned supreme—was finally settled. Half the guests had already bid their farewells when
Bathilda Bagshot approached Lily. Lily and Severus, flanked by their three children, went to
greet her. The conversation was delightful; Bathilda was as gracious as ever, showing a keen,
grandmotherly interest in the little ones.
Thankfully, Louie managed to hold his tongue this time, Severus thought. The boy truly
carried his father’s biting genes.
As the sun began to dip below the horizon, the group arrived at the Tonks residence, now
dwindled down to just the inner circle. Remus and Tonks were nestled in a porch swing;
Tonks had her head on his shoulder, dozing off despite the surrounding chatter. Louie and
Harry were hanging out in the garden, chatting with Sirius, Martina, and James. Sirius
approached Severus, carrying Iris, who had fallen fast asleep in his arms. Severus took his
daughter inside and tucked her onto the sofa in the drawing room.
A few meters away, Lily was downing a large glass of water, her cheeks flushed from the
lingering heat.
“I wonder what James wants to talk to me about,” Lily said suddenly, setting the empty glass
on the counter. She was watching her sons through the window. “Surely he won't say, ‘I
deserve more of a place in Harry’s life, he should come live with me.’ I’m not sure. What do
you think, Sev? James doesn't even have a house...”
“He has a house. I suspect that’s what he wants to discuss,” Severus replied. “But he wouldn't
dare say anything to put you or Harry in a difficult position, or to disrupt our peace.” On this,
his intuition was sharp: Potter might want Harry, but he feared losing Lily’s respect—and
hurting her—far more.
Lily looked at Severus in surprise. “Well said. But... I think I’m instinctively preparing
myself for the worst, Sev.”
In that moment, Severus realized once again just how resilient yet fragile Lily truly was. He
drew her into his arms, and she immediately wrapped hers around his waist. “Your worries
are misplaced, my love. As much as I loathe admitting it, I cannot ignore the truth: Potter
values your opinion. He won't cross you intentionally. Setting boundaries won't offend him.”
“Right. Do you think Harry could spend certain days of the holidays with James, then?”
Severus nodded. “Of course. We’ll need to plan ahead, though. And besides, we shall see if
Harry even enjoys spending time with him.”
“He will,” Lily said softly. “James always got on well with children and teenagers. His spirit
hasn't changed.”
A burst of laughter erupted from outside; Martina had finally liberated her feet from those
torturous shoes and was swearing colorfully in her native tongue, much to Potter’s
amusement. Lily turned toward the window and laughed. “If I were Sirius, I’d carry her home
on my shoulders.”
That mischievous, slightly dark, and mocking expression—reserved only for Lily—flickered
across Severus’s face. She caught it instantly.
“No,” she said, staring him down. “You are not carrying me.”
“I didn't say a word.”
Lily rolled her eyes. “You didn't have to.” Yes, she reads me. As always, Severus thought.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ten days later, on Harry’s birthday, James and Sirius returned to Hogsmeade. This time,
Sirius was fully dressed, and James appeared relaxed and positive. Harry hugged them both,
though his embrace with James was shorter, more tentative. Severus didn't want to interfere
in this fragile new relationship, but it was clear Harry wasn't quite as exuberant as his
biological father.
The party went off without a hitch. Sirius gave Harry a genuine leather pirate hat, while
James provided a 
Broomstick Kit. Severus had wanted to buy that himself, but Lily had
gently intervened; she had stayed in touch with James to coordinate the gifts. Lily was the
ultimate mediator, and Severus realized he was still jealous of Potter’s presence. When he
sheepishly confessed this after the party, Lily burst into such a fit of laughter that Louie and
Iris turned, trying to understand what was so funny.
Throughout August, Potter busy himself furnishing his new home, trying to make it livable
for himself and Harry. He frequently called Lily to ask for advice on decor. He even asked if
Harry could stay with him for a few days before the start of term. Severus felt that familiar
tightening in his chest, that sense of being unable to voice his own objections.'Was James
Harry’s "new" father now? What did Severus represent in Harry’s life anymore?' He couldn't
stop them from seeing each other, nor could he openly sulk about it.
Under the shadow of these brooding thoughts, James Potter Apparated into Hogsmeade one
afternoon. Harry, backpack already shouldered, traveled with him via Floo powder to
Godric’s Hollow. Severus struggled to keep his sense of inadequacy from overflowing.
Harry was acting normal, he told himself. 'It’s only three days'. 'Harry will be fine'. Or,
perhaps, Harry would realize James Potter was a hollow legend and return in disappointment.
'Harry still calls me 'Dad.' James is a stranger to him. But what if that changed?'
These thoughts gnawed at his mind and churned his stomach. Harry had left yesterday, and
Severus had just returned from the Ministry. The light was on in the Potions laboratory inside
the garden greenhouse; he knew Lily was in there. His wife had brilliant, innovative ideas—
they sometimes intimidated Severus, but he adored. He began preparing dinner in the kitchen.
Lily joined him ten minutes later, kissing him on the cheek.
“Any word from Harry? Is he happy playing house with Potter?” Severus asked.
“Mmm, actually, yes. James took him to see his parents' graves today, to introduce him. But
when James saw his own empty headstone—the one for 'James Potter'—he got... quite
emotional.”
“Oh, for Merlin's sake. Black was supposed to have that marble slab demolished. And
Harry?”
“He wasn't too upset; his voice sounded fine. I didn't ask for details. They’re having fish for
dinner.”
Christmas 1992: The Road to Colmar
“Whose brilliant idea was it to cram three children—four, technically, we can't ignore the
stowaway—into a car and drive all the way to Colmar?”
Severus replied without taking his eyes off the road, his tone calm but laced with a faint edge
of warning. “Mine. I appreciate the sarcasm, but that is no way to speak to your father. If
you’re tired, say so, and we’ll pull over at a petrol station for some air, Harry.”
They hadn't made firm plans for Christmas, but Lily had wanted to explore a city they hadn't
visited before. As luck would have it, Amos Diggory and his family were heading to their
cottage near Brussels via Floo. Severus, Lily, and the children traveled to Brussels with them,
bid the Diggorys farewell, and picked up a rental car to make the trek toward Colmar and
Strasbourg. The moment they crossed the Belgian border, however, the boys grew restless.
A dramatic groan erupted from the backseat. “I’m not tired, Dad—quite the opposite. My
bum has gone completely flat. I can't take it anymore.”
Louie didn't miss the opportunity: “Harry’s bum was already flat.”
SLAP! Harry swatted the back of Louie’s head. Severus’s lips twitched; he fought the urge to
smirk.
“Children, that is quite enough. Harry, I’m talking to you. Severus, how many more
kilometers until a station?”
Severus gripped the steering wheel tighter. “A bit further, Lily.”
Lily’s voice rose an octave. “Louie, stop provoking your brother. No—what did I tell you?
Sev, pull over—Harry! Louie, apologize this instant!”
Severus’s mouth quirked again, still battling the smile. “No stopping allowed, my love.”
Another shriek and a dull thud echoed from the back. Then, Louie began to wail at the top of
his lungs. Severus sighed. Boys... “Louie is biting me, and somehow I’m the one who gets in
trouble!” Harry barked.
Lily’s patience finally snapped. “He wouldn't bite you if you didn't hit him!” she shouted,
trying to drown out Louie’s crying.
Harry’s retort was instantaneous: “I can't guarantee that, Mum.” But he fell silent; Louie was
sniffing loudly.
Severus took a deep breath. They were less than two hours away. Lily sighed, rubbing her
stomach. “Severus, did you feel that? The baby just kicked.”
Severus: “Lily... I am currently operating a motor vehicle.”
Louie leaned forward. “Can I kick something? Like Harry?”
Severus: “NO.”
Iris, meanwhile, remained unfazed by the chaos. She sat calmly in her car seat, watching her
two brothers, who were now sulking after their practical joke had gone south.
Severus took the planned break, and the moment they stepped out, Harry began a series of
pre-sport stretches. Severus, having bought a small mountain of questionable sweets from the
shop, pulled Harry aside. “What is going on?”
Harry looked at him blankly. “About what, Dad?”
“Louie. You’ve always joked around, but this is different. What’s happening?”
“It’s nothing! Louie is just constantly testing me! He’s driving me mental, always pestering
me. He loves winding me up, Dad, I’m not exaggerating.”
Severus had started the conversation with his usual gravity, but as Harry spoke, his
expression shifted. He pondered. He analyzed. He understood. And finally... he smirked.
“Harry, he misses you.”
Harry’s eyebrows shot up. “You’re joking?”
Severus continued: “He’s reached the age where he realizes Hogwarts is actually supposed to
be fun. You’re off learning spells, away from home. He’s still here. He thinks you don't have
the patience for his whining anymore... so he’s testing your limits.”
Harry stared at his father in disbelief. “If he misses me, he could try being nicer!”
Severus gave a soft laugh. “Harry... we are talking about Louie. He’s seven. He hasn't quite
mastered the art of cause-and-effect analysis.”
Harry thought about it. One second. Two seconds. Then he sighed. “Yeah... fair point.”
Severus touched his shoulder. “No one can wind him up as well as you can. That, too, is a
talent.”
Harry grinned. “Was that a compliment?”
Severus, voice flat: “No.”
“Sounded a bit like one.”
“No, Harry.”
Harry smiled. “Right, Dad.”
When they got back in the car, Louie and Harry still weren't speaking, but neither Lily nor
Severus minded. The grey sky held no sun, but dusk was approaching, and a light snow
began to fall. Lily grew tense at the sight of the weather, but Severus looked at her and
smiled. “Don't worry, we won't get stranded. It’s a light dusting. Besides, we’re wizards...”
Lily rolled her eyes but smiled back. “And since we’re wizards, are you going to make the
car fly?”
Severus’s lips twitched. “Let’s not get carried away.”
From the backseat came Harry’s voice: “Dad, can you make the car fly?”
Severus: “No.”
Louie jumped in: “But the Hogwarts Express doesn't fly, Harry! Cars shouldn't fly either!”
Harry: “Ours might. Dad’s really powerful.”
Severus adjusted the wheel. “Harry, please.”
Lily laughed. “See? You’re still a legend in their eyes.”
“Sirius’s motorbike flies,” Louie noted.
“Daddy, please fly,” Iris added.
Severus shot Lily a two-second look. It was a look that said, 'Do you realize the mess you’ve
started?' But he wasn't truly complaining; there was a faint trace of satisfaction on his face.
They arrived in Colmar, parked, and checked into their hotel. The streetlamps glowed with a
warm yellow amber, and delicate snowflakes drifted through the air. They had chosen a
Wizarding Hotel because one never knew when Louie or Iris might have a bout of accidental
magic.
Harry whispered: “Dad... is that fireplace magical?” The flames were shifting between purple
and gold before returning to normal.
Severus looked at him with mock-seriousness. “No, Harry. Perfectly natural. Purple flames
are a common feature in every household.”
Harry narrowed his eyes. “You’re mean.”
“Yes. Occasionally.”
Once they reached their room, Harry and Louie seemed to have forgotten the car ride and
were busy arguing over who got which bed. Iris pulled at the ears of her plush rabbit,
laughing at her brothers.
Lily took Severus’s hand and placed it on her stomach. “Wait... now.” One second. Two
seconds. Then— “I felt it,” he whispered. Tiny kicks from the baby were thumping against
his palm.
Lily’s eyes sparkled. “She’s been very active all day.”
Severus’s features softened. “I believe our little girl is protesting. She clearly disapproved of
the chaos in the car.”
Lily giggled. “She might be right.”
In the background, Harry yelled: “Mum! Louie stole my pillow!”
Lily rolled her eyes; even Severus struggled to keep a straight face. He took a deep breath
and stepped into the room to intervene in whatever the boys were currently failing to share.
The next day, they toured the city, taking short, easy walks, eating wonderful food and
pastries. They drifted between the wizarding streets and the Muggle districts, doing some
shopping. Harry bought a Quidditch book for his friend Ron, a Self-Summarizing Notebook
for Hermione, and a ceramic dragon pen-holder for Draco (it was a Muggle item, but he was
certain Draco would love it).
After dinner, they visited the Christmas market. There was a small fair set up in the square.
Louie nearly cried with excitement, and Severus couldn't bring himself to say no. They found
a caterpillar-shaped train, a miniature rollercoaster of sorts. All three children had the time of
their lives. The night walk lasted until Iris fell asleep on her father’s shoulder.
The next morning, they were supposed to head up into the mountains, but Harry and Lily
woke up with the faint symptoms of a cold. Severus had come prepared, as if he’d sensed this
would happen. He gave them each a Pepperup Potion. Lily drank hers normally, merely
crinkling her nose, but Harry... He opened his mouth, puckered his lips, stuck out his tongue,
made "gawk" noises, coughed, shook theatrically, and clutched his throat...
“We get it. You didn't like it,” Severus said tonelessly.
As steam began to pour from his ears, Harry said in a voice raspy from the illness: “That was
the foulest thing I have ever tasted in my life.”
At lunchtime, once Lily and Harry were feeling sufficiently recovered, they set off for
Strasbourg. After one final night there, the grand adventure of returning home would begin.
“Perhaps it’s for the best that we didn't head into the mountains,” Louie remarked with a
sage-like air. Then, knitting his brows, he added, “Harry and I would have learned, but you
two are... elderly.”
Harry clutched his stomach, doubled over with laughter; Iris, seeing Harry laugh, joined in
with glee. Severus rolled his eyes. “Louie, don't you think you ought to speak to your 'elderly'
parents with a bit more respect?” Lily asked, her tone teasing.
“Don’t set your expectations too high, Lily,” Severus interjected. “This new generation is
entirely ungrateful.”
“They’ll likely toss us both into a retirement home, Sev. Such a lack of loyalty.”
Louie first erupted in protest and then began a series of frantic apologies. Severus and Lily,
however, spent the rest of the day relentlessly teasing both Harry and Louie.
“I suspect only Iris will visit us in the home,” Severus mused. “And, if we’re lucky, this new
baby as well.”
“Dad, please! I’ve apologized ten times!”
“Louie, darling, one doesn't simply forget such things instantly. We’re... hurt,” Lily said. But
Harry caught the quick wink she sent his father.
I don’t believe it—they’re so annoying, Harry thought. Best to stay quiet. Louie needs to learn
his lesson anyway.
-----------------------------------------------------------
“Mum... Mummy...” Louie’s voice drifted in from the other room. Lily kept her eyes
squeezed shut. She had managed a bit of sleep, thankfully, but she hadn't the energy to wake
yet. But Louie was persistent. Was it something important?
“Mummy, Allana is awake. She’s... not crying. Yet.”
Well, yes—that qualified as important. A baby making disgruntled little noises in her cradle
usually gave a maximum of two or three minutes of grace. Harry had been the most impatient
baby of the lot; the other three, fortunately, seemed to have a bit more pity for Lily. Lily
opened her eyes.
“I’m coming,” she called out to Louie. She climbed out of bed and headed down to the
drawing room.
Three weeks had actually passed quite quickly, perhaps because Iris was still so small herself
(she would be turning four next month); Lily had adjusted to the fourth child almost
immediately. Aside from Allana’s constant need for attention, there was no extra burden. Lily
wasn't due back to teach until September; Harry had mentioned that ninety-nine percent of
the school was delighted with the new teacher filling in for her. The remaining one percent
consisted of Hermione and Draco.
Damocles Belby was an indisputable authority in the field of Potions, revered for his wisdom
and globally recognized as a scientist—most notably as the inventor of the Wolfsbane
Potion. Lily was well-acquainted with his work; she had even conducted her own
experiments to see if the taste of Wolfsbane could be improved (and though they had ended in
disaster, Remus had downed every drop without a word of complaint). Lily understood the
source of the students' 'discontent': Belby forbid them from using quotes from textbooks in
their essays, insisted that compositions be at least half a yard of parchment long (his personal
standard), and mandated the use of original sources rather than Ministry-approved
summaries.
Lily smiled softly as she nursed the baby. Harry’s stories were still fresh in her mind: Belby
was undoubtedly demanding, but he wasn't malicious. At the end of every lesson, he
reportedly said the same thing: ‘One day, you may save lives you never expected to.’ Hearing
that had warmed Lily’s heart. Belby’s sternness was born from a deep understanding of the
responsibility these students would one day carry.
After settling Allana back to sleep, Lily checked the clock: 11:47 AM. Remus Lupin was
joining her for his lunch break, bearing a jar of tomato paste and an ambitious promise to
prove Dora wrong about his culinary skills. Remus’s cooking was usually a well-intentioned
disaster, but Dora’s teasing only made him more stubborn.
A few minutes later, the sound of Remus entering via the Floo was heralded by Louie—who
had taken over the role of 'doorbell' in addition to 'alarm clock.' “Louie, sweetheart, if we
could be just a bit quieter—” Remus began.
“BUT YOU’RE HERE!”
Predictably, Allana woke with a wail. Lily scooped her up, shushing her softly as she
descended the stairs, pausing only to ruffle Louie’s hair. The baby seemed ready to drift back
off, and as Lily settled her into the drawing-room cradle, she shot Remus a weary smile.
“One of these days I’m going to have a heart attack, Remus.”
“The very thought is terrifying, my dear. How is life with the new arrival?”
“You tell me; this is my fourth. Had Sage and Elio realized they’re abroad yet? And how was
the wedding?”
Four days ago, on the second of April, Sirius and Martina had tied the knot. Lily and Severus
hadn't been able to attend the happy occasion because of Allana. Besides, in her current state,
Lily hadn't the slightest desire to squeeze into a tight evening gown.
Lily, checking the cradle now; Allana was calm, looking content with her eyes open. Like
Lily and Harry, she had green eyes. As for her hair—well, they didn't know yet; Allana had
been born bald. Remus was still smirking. “I’ll tell you all about it while I make the tea,” he
suggested. They moved into the kitchen, and with a flick of Remus’s wand, the cradle drifted
along with them.
As Remus filled the kettle, he said, “I don't know what James told you, but first... let me get
the tomato paste. Dora still thinks I can't do it.”
Lily giggled as Remus used magic to summon three one-liter glass jars onto the counter.
Then he turned back to the tea and began his tale. “Tenerife was magnificent. We might go
back there in the future. James’s Niffler research has been extended through July, by the way.
He’s either turned into a workaholic or something out in the field has caught his eye. Oh, and
he’s planning a camping trip with Harry—I don't know if you knew.”
Lily gave a slight nod; she knew. Since the new school term began, James had only managed
to see Harry three times. Over the past three months it had proved impossible, and it looked
set to stay that way until summer. Perhaps a seven-day July camping trip was the least James
deserved.
“On the 4th of April, at six in the morning, they all had a flight. The three of us sent Sirius off
with the Muggles and Apparated to Sicily—he didn't take to that kindly, but that’s another
matter. In the afternoon, we all met at the grandfather’s historic stone house. Not Martina’s
grandfather, Lily—her mother’s grandfather! The man is ninety-three years old.”
“Merlin! Many happy returns to him, I suppose.”
Remus took out two mugs. “Will Louie and Iris have something? Juice?”
Lily shook her head. “They’re stuffed, Remus. They won't finish a glass by evening. Come
on, tell me about the wedding.”
“The atmosphere really was really lovely. There was that wonderful scent of damp earth after
the rain."
As Remus recounted the events and spoke of how happy their friends had been, Lily began to
picture the warmth of the sand and a faint drift of linden blossoms carried on the breeze—
though she had no idea if the island even grew such trees. He went on, chuckling as he
described how everyone had hurriedly traded their suits and dresses for swimwear, diving
straight into the sea the moment the sun slipped beneath the horizon.
Lily smiled, turning to check the cradle; Allana seemed to be fast asleep. Remus followed her
gaze. “It’s amazing how they can sleep through the noise,” Remus said suddenly. The
mischievous Marauder smirk had faded, replaced by his gentle smile. “I think that’s the main
thing I’ve learned from my own babies.” After finishing their tea, Remus left to return to the
school. Lily watched with a hint of sadness as he walked down the street toward Hogwarts.
Her mind drifted back to the school. Belby... the children were lucky to have him, but she
wondered, ‘Does Belby realize how lucky he is?’ Or was he only concerned with parchment
lengths, original sources, and rules?












